f 


= 
(ene arr cl) Un 


How? Read This DOOK: 


CINCOINHEOHIM = OLLVOMO 


DAVE CROATTO 
Illustrated by TOM RICHMOND 


oyi pue 22773 


277122:214 


AECI PUY тәм “UNA ON NOA 


=мооы «ім 


Do what 
you love and 
you'll never work 
a day in your life... 
because you'll be 
unemployed! 


NUMBER 550 


Departments ~ras 


1 (T'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


2 LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


6 RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


11 AN EMBARRASSMENT OF RICHARD'S DEPARTMENT | 
First АМ for the Choking Victim іп the Digital Age 


12 SENTIMENTAL ILLNESS DEPARTMENT 
“This is Pus” (A MAD TV Satire) 


1 8 GENERATION CRAP DEPARTMENT ARA 
Boomers vs. Millennials m um d 
өтт Ы] 


20) Missive: IMPOSSIBLE DEPARTMENT 
Donald Trump’s Letter to the Incoming President 


24 REDUCED LABOR FARCE DEPARTMENT 
Workers We'd Like to Go a Day Without 


URINE THE MONEY DEPARTMENT 
MAD Interviews the Incontinent Banker of the Year 


JOCK THE PRESSES DEPARTMENT ^ 
The MAD Sports Pages 


NO RESTROOM FOR THE WEARY DEPARTMENT “ж 
Things You Don't Want to Hear Coming 2 
From the Next Bathroom Stall 


HASHTAG, YOU'RE IT DEPARTMENT 
The Life and Times of Jerry the Pound Sign pud 


ARRESTING DEVELOPMENTS DEPARTMENT 
Gotcha: Mug Shots of Common but Despicable Criminals 


40 DEATH COMEDY JAM DEPARTMENT (A MAD Newspaper Parody) 
Selected Observations From Random Autopsies 36 PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT 


42 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT The MAD Strip Club 


A MAD Look at Justice League 38 4-1 JUST WORK HERE DEPARTMENT 
The Future of Job Automation 


22 JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 
Spy vs. Spy 


Д7 CHARACTER FLAWED DEPARTMENT 
Dewey Derwin Destroys the World! 


51 A PLATE THAT WILL LIVE IN INFAMY DEPARTMENT 
“Olive Garbage” (A MAD Menu Parody) 


55 ! CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S NOT CLUTTER DEPARTMENT ) 
What's on Sean Hannity's Desk? |. 2, oy 2 
566 THE SEAT GOES ON DEPARTMENT n. == 2-2 
Brutally Honest Park Bench Plaques 
Ха ALL JAFFEE DEPARTMENT 
"AS Another Ridiculous Fold-In...Inside Back Cover 
E MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 
P» "Drawn Out Dramas" by Sergio Aragonés ( ЭРЭЭВЭР, 
. ...Various Places Around the Magazine COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 2900 W. Alameda Avenue, Burbank, CA 91505. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
© copyright 2018 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, P.O. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living per- 
son is a coincidence. MAD Magazine reflects the sensibilities and language of the time in which it was first published. This content is reprinted without alteration for historical reference. 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


BRAWL IN THE FAMILY = 


My four-year-old son, Carter, and two-year-old daughter, Evan, К 
love Spy vs. Spy! I also like it, but only because її makes my kids’ 
fights seem quaint and non-violent by comparison. Keep up the good 
work! Maybe “good” isn’t the right word...but you know what I mean! 


Darcy Savit - McLean, VA 


She's Gotta Savit — We're glad we could help you downplay and rationalize 
the constant, vicious battling among your toddlers! Just to be safe, though, 
you may want to keep any TNT, rocket skates or giant mousetraps out of 
their reach! —Ed. 


Evan and Carter enjoying 
а momentary truce 


SCOUT'S DISHONOR 


I'm a fan of your magazine and here I am writing a letter to you! 

I know, right? Not an email! Kids do know what paper is (I'm 13). 
Well, I'm in the Boy Scouts and for my communications merit badge, 
I have to write to a magazine! So, I chose you! So, I have to tell you 
my opinion! Well, MAD is great and you have been around since 1952! 
That's crazy! I say that you should not change a thing, just be 
yourself and you'll do great! 


Aidan Schultz, Troop 7012. Vallejo, CA 


Aiden Abet — First off, we know you could have written to any magazine, and 
we appreciate you choosing us! Seriously, we hear Dirt Wheels is positively 
swamped with letters from Boy Scouts! Thank you for sharing your opinions 
with us — we disagree that we are great, that we should not change a thing 
and that we should be ourselves, but we do agree with you about one thing 
— MAD has been around since 1952. Hey, here's something we've always 
wondered — if a Boy Scout hasn't earned a merit badge for sewing, but has a 
bunch of merit badges sewn onto his uniform, isn't he basically admitting he's 
a fraud? Anyhoo, be sure to practice safe sew! Always wear a thimble! —Ed. 


SUNNY SIDE OF THE STREAK 


Iam writing to inquire: is it really true that Dick DeBartolo 
has written something for MAD ever since issue #69, 
way back in 1962? Talk about the Usual Gang of Idiots — 
I'm an even bigger one for reading him this long! 


Thomas Bates • Orlando, FL 


Master Bates — Dick first appeared in MAD #69, but his streak 
of being in every issue actually began with MAD #103 in 1966! 
And we find that infuriating! We were very clear with Dick 
when he made his debut back in 1962 that it was supposed to 
be a ONE-TIME THING! How he snuck by us nearly 450 times 
over the last five decades, we'll never know, but we really 
should have been more diligent! Fun fact: there's a streak even 
LONGER than Dick’s! MAD has published a disappointing and 
inferior issue ever since MAD #1, back in 1952! That streak 
shows no signs of ending! —Ed. 


We recently got a special visit from The Black Spy! Actually, it 
was eight-year-old Joaquin Mejia, showing off the Spy cos- 
tume that his dad (MAD artist Hermann Mejia) had made for 
him — suffice to say, we were impressed! Impressed, and also 
a little concerned that a tiny person in a mask and holding a 
stick of dynamite could get by our building security so easily! 


Joaquin, clearly 
up to no good 


WEDDED BLITZ 


Iam writing to you with great hopes that you will be co-conspirators 
іп my grand and devious scheme to trick a woman — who clearly 
do not deserve — into marriage. It’s abundantly clear, even to the 
dimmest of people (such as my fellow MAD readers), that my beautiful 
and intelligent girlfriend was either drunk or desperate the day she 
agreed to be in a relationship with someone who reads your rag on 

a regular basis. After many years of her tolerating my antics, cooking 
for me and even spending her hard-earned money to buy mea 
subscription to MAD, I’ve decided it is time to pop the big question 
before she realizes she can do much better. I’ve given it a great deal are no hard feelings (unless Kyle makes another unauthorized 
of thought, and I couldn’t think of a more appropriate and disap- birth announcement — in which case, we'll leave him penniless 
pointing way to propose to her than through MAD. Your publication and ruined)! 

is truly the perfect metaphor for the disappointing and substandard 
life she will be subjected to. In exchange for your help in this matter, 
I promise to subject her to a lifetime of loudly-read MAD articles, 
from the bathroom, as I sit on my throne contemplating the meaning 
of life, and wondering how long it will be before she leaves me. 


JANINE, WILL YOU MARRY ME!?! 
Tony Sedhom + East Stroudsburg, PA 


Lucy Hildreth has been a (forced) fan of MAD since birth. Her 
dad, Kyle, even designed her birth announcement to look like 
an issue of MAD (a transgression for which our lawyers raked 
him over the coals, we assure you). So, given the dark cloud 
of MAD hanging over her head since birth, we were pleased 
to find out that Lucy grew into a normal, well-adjusted young 
lady (at least as far as MAD readers go). Here’s a photo from 
Lucy and Kyle's recent visit to the MAD offices, proving there 


Sedhom Up, Joe — This is truly a momentous occasion! For years, 
MAD has played an indirect role in ruining countless lives — but 
this is the first time we've been able to play a direct role in ruining 
one! We're honored and happy to help! Promise us one thing, 
though? When the time comes, please have Janine reach out to us — 
we'd love to be the ones who publish her request for a divorce! —Ed. 


P's 50 WORST THINGS Ano 


ЫК e 
ls. n > — 


Р AED 

DIGITALLY (77:11 
minam 5 prt 

(res let T boan айм аа eae 


“ТІ 7%) 


Lucy showing off her birth 
holincment from MAD #482. № 


THE WRITE SIDE OF THE BRAIN 


Are the letters you feature published in their 
entirety, or are they excerpted from a 
larger body of writing? I'm curious as to 
whether so many of your readers are 
as asinine as portrayed on paper. 25 


Janine, with another mess ё 
% of her own creation Brenna Collins , Tulsa, Oklahoma 


Collins Me Maybe — Good question! The truth is, our readers аге 
actually much, much, MUCH stupider than they appear on paper. 
For example, we ran your letter in its entirety, and even though 
you come off as a record-breaking dum-dum, we're confident 
that your letter doesn't even begin to do you justice! Anyway, 
thanks for writing (or thanks to whoever helped you)! —Ed. 


Letters 


and - 


Tomatoes |! 
“GOTCHA” ARTIST CREDITS 
(FROM PAGE 33) 

13 14 15 16 2930 31 32 
112134 17181920 3334 35 36 
5 6 7 8 21222324 37 38 39 40 
9 10 11 12 25262728 41 42 4344 


Self portraits unless otherwise noted: 


1, Scott Maiko by Sam Viviano 

2. Tom Bunk 

3. Desmond Devlin by Tom Richmond 

4. Paul Coker 

5. Peter Kuper 

6. Bob Staake 

7. Teresa Burns Parkhurst 

8. Justin Peterson 

9. Hermann Mejia 

10. Sergio Aragonés 

Tl. Jonathan Bresman by Sam Sisco 

12. Richard Williams 

13. Mark Stutzman 

14. Evan Waite by Anton Emdin 

15. John Kerschbaum 

16. Tim Carvell by Bob Staake 

17. David Shayne by Steven Silver 

18. Arnie Kogen by Paul Coker 

19. Fluffy Earl McScruggs by 
James Warhola 

20. Rich Powell 

21. John Martz 

22. Dick DeBartolo by Rick Tulka 


William M. Gaines Founder 


23. Tom Richmond 
24. Mike Morse by Peter Kuper 
25. Roberto Parada 
26. Matt Lassen by Ward Sutton 
27. Kevin Pope 
28. Scott Bricher 
29. Kit Lively and Scott Nickel 
by Scott Nickel 
30. Ward Sutton 
31. Steven Silver 
32. Rick Tulka 
33. Alison Grambs by Hermann Mejia 
34. Mark Fredrickson 
35. Anton Edmin 
36. P.C. Vey 
37. Irving Schild by Sergio Aragonés 
38. Sam Sisco 
39. Frank Santopadre by Tom Bunk 
40. Christopher Baldwin 
41. Kenny Keil by Justin Peterson 
42. John McNamee 
43. James Warhola 
44. Al Jaffee 


To all our friends and readers — thank you. 
MAD-ly, John, Sam, Charlie, Joe, Dave, Jacob, Ryan and Patty 


ADMINISTRATION 


YULE BE SORRY 


I was given MAD’s Stocking Stuffer issue as one of my... 
stocking stuffers. I jumped for joy and screamed, then saw 
I got a MAD, and stopped. On page 24 (“MAD’s Do-It- 
Yourself Jingle Bells”) the contents page said the article 
was published in 1984. How is this possible if the article 
had lines referring to eBay, Pokémon, downloading songs 
and J Lo? Care to explain? 


Jonathan Azor • Chicago, IL 


A Kick in the Azor — There's only one explanation — it's a 
Christmas miracle! Sure, as Christmas miracles go, it's pretty lame 
and unimpressive — but let's face it, a MAD Stocking Stuffer is 
pretty lame and unimpressive as Christmas gifts go. Oh well, 
you know what they say: it's the thought that counts. In this case, 
it was just a terrible thought. Happy holidays! —Ed. 


COMFORTABLY DUMB 


I was appalled to receive my February 2018 issue and 
see that the dumbest events of 2017 did not include my 
decision to subscribe to MAD. Surely, this terrible choice 
should have ranked in the top 10! 


Rod Foroozan, MD + Houston, TX 


Pasta Foroozan — So many people stupidly subscribed in 2017, 
it was hard to single out just one dumb subscriber — although 
your letter makes a very strong case that you're the 

dumbest of the bunch. But don't be discouraged! $ 
Be sure to check The MAD 20 for 2018 — 

there's a good chance our decision 
to print your letter will top that 
list! —Ed. 


FOLLOW MAD ONLINE! 


Looking for a way to waste time AND open yourself up to public 
ridicule? You can do both simply by following us on Facebook, 
Tumblr, Twitter and Instagram! 


FOR SUBSCRIPTION INQUIRIES: 


John Ficarra Senior УР % Executive Editor 
EDITORIAL 


Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola, 
Dave Croatto Senior Editors 
Jacob Lambert Associate Editor 


ART DEPARTMENT 

Sam Viviano VP — Art & Design 

Ryan Flanders Design Director 

Patricia Dwyer Assistant Art Director 
Bernard Mendoza Production Artist 
Contributing Artists And Writers 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


Diane Nelson President 

Dan DiDio Publisher 

Jim Lee Publisher 

Geoff Johns 

President & Chief Creative Officer 
Amit Desai Executive VP — 


Business & Marketing Strategy, Direct to 
Consumer & Global Franchise Management 


Sam Ades Senior VP - Direct to Consumer 
Bobbie Chase VP — Talent Development 


Mark Chiarello 
Senior VP — Art, Design & Collected Editions 


John Cunningham 
Senior VP — Sales & Trade Marketing 


Anne DePies Senior VP — 
Business Strategy, Finance & Administration 


Don Falletti VP — Manufacturing Operations 


Lawrence Ganem VP — 

Editorial Administration & Talent Relations 
Alison Gill 

Senior VP — Manufacturing & Operations 
Hank Kanalz Senior VP — 

Editorial Strategy & Administration 

Jay Kogan VP - Legal Affairs 

Thomas Loftus VP — Business Affairs 
Jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs 

Nick J. Napolitano 

VP - Manufacturing Administration 
Eddie Scannell VP — Consumer Marketing 
Courtney Simmons 

Senior VP — Publicity & Communications 
Jim (Ski) Sokolowski VP — Comic Book 
Specialty Sales & Trade Marketing 
Nancy Spears VP – 

Mass, Book, Digital Sales & Trade Marketing 


Just call 1-800-4MADMAG (U.S. and Canada only) 

or write to P.O. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537! 
Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our editorial 
office — we're too dumb to help you here! 


HOW TO REACH US: 

MAD, Dept. 550, 2900 West Alameda Ave., Burbank, CA 
91505. Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com! 

All letters to the editor and accompanying photos or 
other materials may be edited and published in any 
MAD publication in any format and will not be returned. 
MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will 
not be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they 
are accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope! 
MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 


For Advertising and Custom Publishing, 
contact dccomicsadvertising@dccomics.com 


VISIT US ONLINE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


INSIDE MAD 


INSIDE MAD contains 256 pages — numbered for your 
convenience — of classic MAD stupidity: classic covers, movie 
satires, ad spoofs, features by Al Jaffee and Don Martin, plus 
commentary with commenting comments by MAD contributors 
and celebrity fans, from Ice-T to Judd Apatow! 


From the Editors of the New York Times Bestseller Totally MAD | 
== 


10 S < E бла М 
эй Ч è Cc : 7] Tell Why) N 


|  loreceive your hardcover edition of 
INSIDE MAD, simply purchase a two- or 


"tre “duction by Judd A Date, М 
| three-year subscription to MAD. Subscribe online at: 


Use Койо. ABBMDIM 


Ж. 2 Your book will be shipped upon payment. In other words, upon payment your book will be shipped. 
Offer good for U.S. customers only. 


тне FUnDeLini 


The Fast Five 
HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF 
AGAINST HACKERS 


1 Immediately change your password, Social Security number and 
mother’s maiden name 

2) Convert all your money into untraceable cryptocurrencies such as 
Bitcoin or Dave & Buster’s Power Points 

З If canceling all your credit cards and opening a new account seems 
daunting, keep in mind that Wells Fargo has probably already opened 
a new account for you without your knowledge 

4 Remember, hackers can’t ruin your credit score if you ruin your 
credit score first 


5) Stop using any electronic devices until the whole thing blows over 


Writer: 
Kenny Keil 
Artist: 

Ed Steckley 


7 r 


— a. John 
А Oswald indeed John has been 
| e Lee Булнай ав Lyndon шаш ruled out 
| pacem stupidly forgot а suspect 
| to set his alarm clock the . a Ford recalled 
night before E Lincoln Continenta] 
ather has offi- ousines, on the slim 


, f | 
e Ted Cruz 5 red (though | chance the death resulted 


: clea. 
geny гэнэ claims that a om a problematic | 
Trump down O swald) iming belt 


* The whole thing was 
cooked up by the FBI 
Cuba and, of course, ' 
Barack Obama, í 


| The “shadowy figure on 


| the grassy 
| guy pushing al 


Adams' Bomb 


Oh, thank god 
There's food here. 


The Cover We Didn't Use 


WOULD YOU HELP TH-THANK- YOU, 
ALMOST AN OLD LADY YOUNG MAN. 
ACROSS THE THIS INTERSECTION 


PERFECT STREET? CAN BE SO 


DANGEROUS. 


NO PROBLEM! 
CENTER FOR | 
YOU STAY PHYSICIAN ` | 
SAFE NOW, ASSISTED | 
SUICIDE ~- | 


Writer and Artist: Dakota McFadzean 


PAGES 


USEFUL THINGS TO DO WITH 
YOUR OLD FIDGET SPINNER 


A Walk in the Parkhurst 


Build playground Sinead for Craft a festive brooch for 
the roaches in your apartment your grandmother 


Use it as a spaceship in the extremely Put it in a closet for 60 years, 
low-budget movie you're making then go on Antiques Roadshow Writer and Artist: 
one Teresa Burns Parkhurst 
Writer: Mike Morse Artist: Rich Powell and hope to make a killing 


The average American retirement can last 20 years. Will your current retirement plan last that long? 


INTRODUCING THE JOHN SHAMCROCK RETIREMENT PLAN. 


HOW DOES IT WORK? 

John Shamcrock works with you to determine how many years you с 
retirement and then makes sure you don’t live a day longer! Our t 
planners and professional hitmen will make sure you never see it co 


CHOOSE FROM THREE UNIQUE PACKAGES: | 

e PREMIUM Live life to the fullest! Spend approximately two month 
resorts, blowing through your savings like there’s no tomorrow! And 
money, there won’t be any tomorrow for you! 


» MODERATE This package will guide you to a modest standard of li 
allowing you to get ahead of your monthly bills, and keeping your dre: 
just out of reach. You'll wake up every day hoping to see one of our contra 
“advisors” at your doorstep! Our least popular, but oddly, most utilized plai 


e BUDGET We'll run you over with a Budget rental car! 


Live comfortably knowing you'll never live a day past what you can | 
afford, while giving your children the peace of mind that they won’t E 
be burdened with taking care of you after you've run out of money. 


ENROLL NOW AND WE'LL TAKE OUT YOUR бу 2/2 p 7) 6) ә, Й 
SPOUSE FOR МО ADDITIONAL CHARGE! 2 760770600 Ё % 


Writer: Nathan Cooper А MAD Ad Parody 


тне FUNDALINI РӘСЕ5 


The Faster Five 
TIPS FOR USING SOCIAL MEDIA 
IN THE POST-APOCALYPSE 


1 Nothing makes the slowly decomposing 
corpse of your loved one look cuter than 
the “baby deer” Snapchat filter 


2 Use Throwback Thursday to show 
everyone how “basic” you looked 
before you replaced your arm with 
a chainsaw 


3 Checking your wall for “Happy Birthday” 
postings is a good way to know which 
of your family members and 
friends are still alive — basically 
the same as it is now 


Д If you're a zombie, be sure to post 
a photo of your victim's brains to 
Instagram before eating them 


5) When hiding from scavengers 
under the floorboards of a rotting 
house, make sure to switch your 
phone to "vibrate" 


Writer: Chris Carson 
Artist: Jonathan Edwards 


n 


0-43 


The Great Pile 
Unknown Leftovers of China 


The Tomb of the The Leaning Tower 
of Pizza Boxes 


8 Writer: Matt Lassen — Artist: John Kerschbaum 


Little-Known 
Benefits of Store 
Rewards Cards 


Cardholder may swivel in an office chair 
for 30 rotations while squealing “Wheee!” 
until an employee asks them to leave 


Р 


A 


SPORTING GOODS. 


ALLOWS MEMBER TO RETURN GOLF CLUB 
EVEN IF USED IN A ROAD-RAGE INCIDENT 


FREE SELFIE 
WITH MANNEQUIN 
WEARING SHIRT 


BEING PURCHASED 


. _ m 


Five free earbud disentanglements 
at the Apple Store Genius Bar 


Writer: Evan Waite 


The Yungbluth and the Restless 


A 
“IF you're just joining us, my guest is а man who was 
stranded on a desert island for over 800 cartoons.” 


Writer and Artist: Jason Yungbluth 


Slogans for Toys You 
Shouldn’t Buy 


Blonde Meet 
and blue-eyed, Just add your toddler's 
just like a baby wood, and watch new worst 
should be! your termites enemy! 


grow! 


The robot 
that will capture 
your heart before 


The foul- 
mouthed frog 
that kids 


A chemistry 
set so fun, it 
should be illegal in 


n just f*&95i enslaving you 
more than j %ing 

7 ! love! nd your 

27 states: ove. a de 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 


LITERAL LOGOS 
FOR PRO SPORTS TEAMS 


BUFFALO 


17 
CLIPPER 


EVERYTHING 
MUST GO! 


GREEN BAY 
PAGKERS 


| Each month, a single 
lucky customer will 
come home to find 
Jeff Bezos on his or 
her toilet, grunting 
out a deuce 


( Amazon guarantees 
your home will be 1 
as safe and secure 
as your financial 
information is 
at Equifax 


' Amazon will make 
millions selling 
replacements of 
stuff ransacked 
by Amazon 
delivery people 


od 


Artist: 
Sam Sisco 


Aw ER \/ | = For customers’ peace 
Nim of mind, couriers will be 
1 told in the sternest wording 
possible not to sneak 
upstairs, put people's 
underwear on their heads 
and dance around 
in the nude 


Boxes will be left in 
whatever space is free 
of all the other crap 
customers already 
bought from Amazon 


In the event of a 


remains may be 
shipped back to 


dog attack, courier's 


Writer: Seppo Virtanen Artist: Timothy Shamey 


Amazon free of charge / 


тне FUnbDaLini Pace 


MAD'S TIPS FOR Worst-Selling 
“CUTTING THE CORD” National Geographic Books 


EE „осот 
o Na HE 
BITC n LER ANCIENT WORLD 


KILLER WHALES: 
A**HOLES OF 
THE DEEP 


THE HUNTER'S GUIDE TO 


TV shows, Netflix for movies, Amazon Prime for the movies not on N C A А 
Netflix, HBO GO for your Game of Thrones fix, Playstation Vue for 
live TV, On Demand Now for recorded TV watching and YouTube Red M A 5 С ОТ 5 
for Minecraft tutorials. Now isn't that so much simpler? 
Writer: Jeff Kruse 


Look for low-cost alternatives to viewing cable, such as YouTube pranks, 


online cat GIFs or watching TV through your neighbor's window A Bit of Hanky-Panckeri 


You may still want to purchase an On Demand subscription to 
your favorite shows, but be warned: much of the visceral thrill of 
Cupcake Wars is lost when you're not watching it in real time 


Make a little scrapbook of screen caps from your favorite shows for 
those long, lonely nights when you're really missing your cable box 


Dont let all the money you're saving and your newfound hobbies 
distract you from the real benefit of cutting off your cable: 
being able to constantly brag about not having cable 
Writer: Kenny Keil Artist: Jose Garibaldi 


Fundalini Correction 


In MAD #438 and in numerous issues thereafter, 
we ran a feature called “Monkeys Are Always Funny.” 4 
ы е . . (4 
It has since come to our attention: they are not. OMG - she just said her first acronym! 
Writer and Artist: Drew Panckeri 


\ 
pan eE 


ALMOST ponor Toon Бен | IT WOULD HAPPEN 


PERFECT |Ә 
UNIVERSE 


HAVE YOU SEEN 
THEM IN ACTION? 
THEYRE SUPERIOR 

TO US IN EVERY WAY! 


BY DAKOTA MCFADZEAN 
Writer and Artist: Dakota McFadzean 


ЇЕ PERSON IS AWAKE 


If victim can’t talk, 
say: “Text me ‘yes’ 
or По.” 


If a piece of food 
comes flying out, 
take a photo of 
the dish victim 
was eating. 
IMMEDIATELY 
post it on Yelp 
with a very 
negative review. 


k, lean in and 
take a selfie. (Look 
concerned, no smile.) 
Post on Instagram 
with hashtag “#RIP?” 


Continue until 
victim and/or 
phone battery 
dies. 


immediately post 
a “thumbs up” 
selfie with a happy 
Snapchat filter. 


Stick camera 
end of your phone into 
their mouth and live- 
stream the video so 
people around the 
world can help you see 
if anything is in there. 
Turn on the flash to 
better see deep down! 


If a person’s teeth 
come flying out, 
check to see if 
anyone was lucky 
enough to catch 

it on video on 

their cellphone. 
IMMEDIATELY 
post it on YouTube. 
#PoligripFail 


use your phone’s photo 
program to enhance the 
color. Post to Twitter 
with a thoughtful 
280-character obit. 


So much gooey sappiness! 
SS So much drippy, syrupy mush! 
This isn’t a regular TV drama... 55 —— | * 


Let's talk about this 
show's structure. 
The big gimmick is 
that it tells a story of 
one biracial, bipolar 
family by jump-cutting 
around in time. 
Our show's fanatic 
fans are spellbound, 
seeing this astonishing 
concept of past and 


I'm Miguel, the most 
forgettable regular character 
in this schmaltzy cry-porn 
factory. l'm the uninteresting 
friend who later becomes the 
uninteresting second husband. 
How flat and dull am |? 
The "wacky" MAD parody 
name for my character Miguel 
is "Miguel"! But even though 
l've revealed nothing about 
myself, enough about me! 


Dramatically, it's like flipping through 
a cherished family photo album. 
A photo album filled with abandonment, 
alcoholism, adultery and addiction — and 
those are just the A's! Then we've got the 
snapshots of divorce, racism, stillborn birth, 
terminal disease, emotional betrayal, 
mental illness...well, anyway, the kids 
are cute! You know what? Just turn off 
your brain. And enjoy the simpering, 
bland Starbucks acoustic music we use 
in scene...after scene...after scene 


Family patriarch Jerk 
Worsen here! I'm alive, for 
--| now. But soon I'll be dead. 
Then alive...then dead... 
then alive again! Just like 
the Obamacare repeal! Im Е 
NA also sober, then drunk, then 
sober, then drunk, then 
sober. Bewilderingly, l'm 
portrayed as the perfect, 
stable backbone my family 


De 


yos 


— 


шаа 


NE 


You all know me! Kvetching 
Worsen, the hunkalicious star 
of an idiotic TV sitcom called 
The Manmeat. | play the 
titular himbo. Drink in this 
perfect body. Just eight percent 
body fat! Too bad all of it is 
in my head! The Manmeat is 
a show written for everybody 
aged six to 60, if they have 
mentalities aged six to 6%! 
Variety called my acting "the 
best reason yet for abolishing 
the medium of television." 
See? They said | was the best! 


Do not adjust your television. 
You are not watching 
threehundredthirtysomething! 
I'm this guy's twin sister, Plate! 

І have a weight problem because | 
have emotional issues. And | have 
emotional issues because | have a 
weight problem. It's the circle of 
life, except I’m the circle! Every 
one of my plotlines is about my 
eating disorder, which imbues 
my TV character with the same 
emotional depth as Yogi Bear's. 
Now that guy had a real pic-a-nic 
basket problem! | feel you, bear. 


And I'm Bloaty Damon, Plate's 
much-too-significant other, and the best 
argument for more stringent anti-stalker 
legislation! From the moment | saw Plate, 
there was a wild attraction between us. 

But it's no different than the gravitational pull 
between any two planets! As boyfriend material, 
I'm loving, caring and thoughtful. | love having 
sex, | care about having sex and | constantly 
think about having sex! And like half the 
people on this show, | apparently have no job! 
Which leaves me ample time for thinking up 
my next five feeble relationship “quips.” | tried 
to get a job once as a writer, but Jimmy Fallon 
aid my comedy wasn't edgy enough! 


“сад ES Gage y age \ 2% lel Е - eu E \ 


I'm Jerk's wife, Rubella! 
But if you watched MTV 
for precisely the right five 
weeks in 1999, you might 
kinda sorta remember me 
as pop princess Mandy 
Moore. My character 
used to have ambitions 
of a singing career, but 
it never quite clicked for 
her. To prepare for the 
role, | studied myself! 


I'm excited to be starring in my first hit 
TV series since | played Peter in Heroes. 
Unfortunately, that show was a 
gimmicky melodrama crammed with 
talky family angst, multiple versions 
of the same characters, flashback 
events and future shock reveals. 
That's why the series went stale after 
just one season...er, Га prefer if you 
didn't just hear me say that! Instead, 
just focus on the scraggle quotient of 
my changeable time-traveling beards! 


I'm Rancid's supportive wife, 
Blecch. To the outside world, 
my husband Rancid may seem 
tightly wound, but he's a 
maladjusted, stressed zoo 


Greetings, viewers! Do you ever dream 
about a sexy, middle-aged Urkel, with 
killer abs and a crippling anxiety disorder? 
<| Well, your TV dream has finally come true! 
ә l'm Rancid Worsen, the adopted black son 
7\ who is, weirdly enough, the white sheep 
Ж 


our sex life hot, һе has те fill 
out a short questionnaire 
afterwards! Every three 
months, he compiles a 
spreadsheet of my physical 
needs, then uses a simple 
prioritization matrix to meet 
his quota! Mmmm. Crunch 
those numbers, baby!! 


of the family! | grapple with feelings of racial 
jitters in my own neurotic, upper-class way. 
| earn millions and millions of dollars as a 
commodities trader, while eating myself up 
with the debilitating panic attacks that'll 
cause me to pop an aneurysm and drop dead 
at 40. And then my sizzling wife Blecch will 
inherit every dollar. Hmmm... exactly which 
one of us has the genius business plan? 


NA ETT > 


2 


15 years themselves, 


Wikipedia bio pages! 


tiger in the sack. And to keep | 


OF 216 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 
ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


The way this 
show is structured, 
it sometimes cuts 
fifteen years off 
of my age, as an 
episode ricochets 
from one scene to 
the next. Usually, 
actresses shave off 


It wasn't easy raising triplets, 
but | came up with a system 
that kept me sane. | took care 
of the first one from January 

through April, the next one 
from May through August, and 
the last one from September 
to December! But I'm pretty 
sure my husband Jack secretly 
nursed them behind my back. 
The babies kept coughing up 
greasy black chest hairs! 


by editing their 


Withered Hill's my name. 
When | was reunited with my birth 


1 here to look 


cute and son, Rancid, after 36 years apart, 
comically | felt a tremendous lump in the pit 

| understand of my stomach. | thought it was 
adult emotion, but the doctors told me 


| references. it's cancer. Maybe the drug abuse 
did it. I'm so wasted that, to me, 
this show seems in chronological 


order! It broke my heart to abandon 


I'm just here 
to look cute 


7 and to my baby Rancid on the front steps 
4 4 comically МОТ of the hospital. But you must 
& understand understand, the world was different 
vá adult then. Today, | could go on Craigslist 

ЫШ references! and trade him for a jet ski! 


E M ИЙ | Y, j 


So you're 8.9999 months pregnant, Absolutely. 
A with triplets. That's no reason why ! | brought 


_| shouldn't get my annual wifey stripper along this 
dance, followed by birthday sex! surfboard, 

in case your 

water breaks! 


You're in good hands with kindly old Doc Kowznofski. 
l'm so corny, | once made Norman Rockwell vomit on 
his shoes! ІЛІ deliver those babies of yours. A little 
gumption and a pinch of homespun wisdom, mixed 
with some good old country know-how, and you'll be 
right as rain. Okay, time to apply the leeches! 


га д 


217 1| 


| needed NBC got to feel brave and noble about 


Hey, do you wanna sneak out of here 


to exercise. portraying the societal stigma of obesity with 
So | bought a and get а second dinner? | can toss а honest, resonant directness. For about 30 seconds. 


handful of Dunkin’ Donuts Munchkins 
across the room to create a diversion. 


much heavier 
1 ice cream scoop! 


Вэв. Ї 
E = КР 


Then they introduced Chubsy McWisecrack as the 
romcom bad boy of “Silver Dollar Pancakes Playbook”! 


Buried under this succulent dude flesh 
is a serious actor! You gave me your 
solemn word that this tragicomic 
denouement would explore the 
jagged depths of the human psyche! 
Absolute stark reality! But these 
are plastic fish! And the dog 
can’t even fart on his cue! 


Quit? QUIT? 
But you're the star 
of the #1 sitcom! 
On the TV Land 
channel. On 
Wednesdays. What 
possible reason 
could you have? 


Wait — Listen to me, Jerk. You will go on. You can 
are you adopt. And that child will have love and grow 
telling me strong. He will go on to be an invaluable 
that... source of half-baked racial subplots that 
our third don't go anywhere! Most importantly, this 
baby overwrought scene WILL be submitted to 
didn't the Emmys, and | WILL receive the award for 
make it? Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series! 


м TE E PA T AU 


At first, | didn’t 
think it was a smart 
idea to let a total 
stranger come live 
with us and be with 
our girls. Especially 
a heroin addict! 
But they really seem 
to be bonding! 


Goldilocks was jonesing real bad for her 
daily porridge fix. So she broke into some- 
body’s house to get a taste of the stuff! And 
after heating up the spoon and doing her 
third bowl, she felt juuussst right. And she 
nodded off into unconsciousness, just as if 
she was floating down a slow river. Mmmm, 
yeah, | wish / was mainlinin' some of that 
pure Bolivian porridge riiiight about now! 


At last, we meet! 
You are my biological 
father. l've brought 
10 or 12 handy 
charts to explain the 
deoxyribonucleic 
acid's role 
in this process. 


Your mother and | were both drug 
addicts, and had to give away our 
newborn baby. Then your mother died. 
| spiraled out of control and ended up 
on the streets. So | went into rehab, 
where | began a gay relationship before 
| being diagnosed with inoperable cancer. 
Phew! That was one rough Tuesday! 


ЖЫ 
2 (002222 


он SN 


ei т p á 


They're just going to let us take him? It's only been one day! 
How were we able to adopt an unknown child, without | handled it. While you were in labor 
any attempt to locate the parents? Who would award with the other two, | studied law, passed 
custody to a poverty-stricken family with two newborns? the bar exam and filed the necessary 
Doesn't the adoption process usually take a long time? paperwork with the circuit court. 


You've got to leave, Bloaty! Ш Ooh! Mmm, baby! Mmmff! Pant! There's no bigger decision 
My dad and | always watched But this There’s nothing more in a marriage than whether to have children. 
Steelers games together. It was urn is arousing than tasting the So let’s make that decision, by default, 3/4ths 
our special personal thing. And filled | | remnants of bar peanuts | | blotto, in the bathroom of a bar! What a night! 
ever since he died, | watch the with and Budweiser burps, First we win the Super Bowl, and then you 

Steelers with his cremated trail Б mixed into a shipwreck get your own private orgasmic touchdown! 
ashes sitting beside me! / Ё beard! But promise me = шид: 
22 > we won't have kids! More like a 
” / E 


Listen, Honey! Things are looking up! Whoa, why the grumpy face? Those writers’ room “quirky deeds” 
Maybe we don't have | It says here that | can You loved it when | booked you P] were very hypothetically charming. But 
much money. But we sell blood for $20 a pint. a surprise singing gig, or when only because my mind is aswirl with 
can make it together, And since the human | flew cross-country to surprise daddy issues, an eating condition and 

with love! Here, | body has 10 pints of | you, or when | surprised you at the inability to distinguish between 
kids, eat a heaping blood, that means I'm || fat camp! Don't you like my flamboyant desperation and love. 
bowl of love! about to make $200! unhealthy, disruptive romantic | | This time, however, you've gone too 
| Таг, You sat on ту bundt cake! 


| N N 
(0 | 17 


ПІШЕН EN 111:11 
ІП know I'm || On the twelfth day of Christmas, this family has to deal... A Massive Bloaty hit the We don't have 
wooden, ...with twelve tortured secrets, eleven Kleenex moments, Christmas Heart floor so hard, any cardio shock 
but stop ten childhood traumas, nine misunderstandings, Attack? That'd || he may not paddles! Quick, 
hanging eight drunken squabbles, seven dumb “traditions,” be the worst title | | survive! And try to revive him 
tinsel on six fat support groups, FIVE cliff-hang-ers! for a holiday neither might with the girls’ 
Four broken dreams, three... special ever! || the floor! “Operation” game! 


: gi oa 
> ES 
n 


Surprise! | didn't die! It was just another of our many one-episode subplots to nowhere! Like your assistant's | want to tell you. 


job and confronting your boss' obnoxious kid. Or Blecch's pregnancy scare. Or Withered's secret gay rehab But there's 
lover. Or the lady at the pool who taught your mom Afro maintenance. Or the time Jerk became a card shark something 
Fl who fleeced the mob. Or Kvetching's affair with the playwright. Or Rancid's daughter becoming an overnight stopping me: [== 
f chess expert. Or the woodland cabin of nostalgia and drugs. Or the lecherous creeper at your fat camp. NBC's promotional 
But there is one paper-thin subplot that we've dragged out for an entire season: HOW did your father die? department! 


-- ын 


n (f 
UN 


That wraps up а commercial-free Uh, This farewell The first 


block with “No Time,” and before is father-son road trip time you Gurgle gakk glick! GONE! And now 
that, “1 Just Died in Your Arms,” it is an emotionally left me |! It's...so hard... ІЛІ never see him 
“Knockin' on Heaven's Door,” alright healing journey. | behind, | to say goodbye. again. Except for 
“Down іп a Hole” and “Don't Fear if | And if you die right | it didn't | | Primarily because of... the 35 flashbacks 
the Reaper." Stay tuned, we'll be change | | there in the shotgun E x || urk!...these tubes... in seasons two 
back with the Grateful Dead, but the seat, | can still use down my throat! and three! 
first, "Another One Bites the Dust"! | | station? the carpool lane! 7 2 
V ү D 7 
MEM 
WEVE GOT GRACELAND 
AND... U .Z UMN) 


Sob! MY DAD'S 


Woooo!!! Wedding Could somebody please | came to warn you all! You can't keep 
day! Do you think it’s А sweep up the rice? Clown! repeating this back-and-forth time jump 
all downhill from here? Ё We'll need it for dinner! What are gimmick forever, or you'll run a cute premise 
р YOU doing into the ground! And take it from me, you 

don’t want to end up in the Old West! 
Я A 


wif 


At least when / travel through time, it 
happens at 88 miles per hour. Your family 
just wallows in the stagnant soupiness of 

every moment that ever happened. You 
act like every little incident or meeting or 
remark was an emotional explosion that 
utterly transformed the pathways of your 
lives. No heartstring left untugged, no gut 
tear left unjerked! 


I'd say each of my 
children was having a 
midlife crisis. But when 
they bounce from age 
36 to age 0 to age 16 to 
age 36 to age 10 to age 
0 to age nine to age 
36, what the hell does 
“midlife” even mean? 


And where have your transformed pathways 

gotten you? Straight to nowhere! The mom got harsh! 

remarried...to the only other male character But at 
around! The one son quit his job. The other son least we 

just quit his job. And the daughter doesn't have а finally 

job to quit! | could drive this time machine 75 years found 
into the future, and with your maladjusted DNA, out how 

| know your great-great-grandkids would be the 
same pack of sappy, maudlin whiners that you are! 


ч: Др AU EZ 


HED 


18 


EJ GENERATION CRAP DEPT. 


Beatles vs. Stones. Coke vs. Pepsi. Kardashians vs. 
Vanderpumps. The world is full of bitter rivalries, each of 
them leading to disagreements, arguments and disputes 
(a warning to you Kardashian lovers out there: we're 
staunchly pro-Vanderpump). But things get especially 
testy when it comes to rivalries between generations — 
which is why we're helpfully pouring fuel on the fire with... 


Wal! aa ae г 
BOOMER Once went to Europe 
and used ten rolls of film 


MILLENNIAL 


12777774 


5 


f ad! 


BOOMER Would be a MILLENNIAL 
millionaire if he’d kept his 


BOOMERS Will live longer than any 
other generation, thanks to 


baseball card collection advances in medical technology 


WRITER: KENNY KEIL ARTISTS: RICK TULKA AND JUSTIN PETERSON 
BOOMERS COLORIST: JIM CAMPBELL 


BOOMER Went to college MILLENNIAL BOOMER Still remembers watching the 
so he wouldn’t wind up moon landing over 40 years ago 
flipping burgers 


UNISEX 
RESTROOM 


BOOMER Worked her way up MILLENNIAL 


from mailroom clerk to CEO 


MILLENNIALS 


BOOMERS Can't friggin’ stand Generation X MILLENNIALS 


2 їг ж 
E ің 
4 4% MISSIVE: IMPOSSIBLE DEPT. 
| е‹ | 


20 WRI STAN SINBERG ARTI STAAKE 


е | 


ТНЕ WHITE HOUSE 


WASHINGTON 


isteric € S mine 


» Which wa 
feel bad that 


5 the biggest 
Your inauguration crowd didn’+ 
Photos “Proving” otherwise, 
though it 
ere sayin 
› Jeing all the 


Sa: dump, 
9. So, І gold- 
Мау back to 
intelligent Person, okay? Very 
4. very good idea, ic you take my advice, 


Р when Т 


Jot here, 
w it’s the 


most 
Pma very 


intelligent, So, I would Say 
Hire only the bes+ People, the kind 

if youre under investigation 

recommend family Members, 


it?s Probably а. good 


Remember, ала 


man 
any collusion, 23 


nd I 


ks. When accused of Something 
if you di 


it. Nevep &polesiz 


As inco rmin 


3 Presiden+ 
when you c 


EN JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


Я D 5 ^ 
= i b 5 NS 
F x 
е EN í - 2 5 "RC 
a 


Ж| “СІН O omo eee 8444 


Gym Workouts 


Workers Who T hink C 


+h Tantra a +1 
he Entrance to the 


"csse Smoke Right 
rkers Who Smoke Right í 


€ 


y аяа) 


ey YL. 3 т 
eave Their ! 
+ MA 


il the Odor 


1 19: 


с ате ап Ехсиве to Wear 


Fellow 'o-workers I 
Deano Gir = та : 
Buving Girl Scout Cookies 


and They're Men 


he Commu! 


26 


E JOCK THE PRESSES DEPT 


QV 


Horse Takes Knee Before Race — 
But What Did It Mean? 


SANTA AMOEBA, CALIFORNIA 

At yesterday's Hompster Derby Stakes Invitational, three-year-old filly Duckturden became 
the first horse ever to take a knee during the playing of the National Anthem. Opinions initially 
varied on what she was protesting, or if she was protesting at all. Many believe the thorough- 
bred was expressing solidarity with former NFL player Colin Kaepernick. "As horses go, she's 
quite socially conscious," said Duckturden's owner, Shep "Shepp" Sheppy. Duckturden's trainer, 
Al Pesterman, had a different view: "She's determined to bring attention to the reduction of 
wild mustang grazing lands in the Southwest," he told reporters. In the race itself, Duckturden 
finished outside the money in ninth place, at which time it became clear she had actually 
kneeled due to a serious leg injury. Duckturden was then shot, after which Sheppy said, 
“I'm sorry to see her go. That horse was woke." 


-> ad 


Yankees Pass on Japanese 
Slugger Because Team 
Announcer Can't Think of 


Lame Nickname for Him 
NEW YORK CITY 

New York Yankees General manager Brian 
Cashham announced yesterday that the 
team will not sign Japanese superstar 
Hidenobati Wantabemurata because play- 
by-play announcer John Stutterling couldn't 
come up with a terrible nickname for him. 
"He could hit 80 homers,” said Cashham,” 
but when a Yankee hits a dinger, our fans 
expect an obnoxious home-run call, and on 
that front he just doesn't help us." The AP 
reports that Stutterling had no idea where 
to start coming up with a groan-inducing 
forced pun for Wantabemurata. In related 
news, the team announced that it has 
signed journeyman outfielder Dick Fleets to 
a four-year, $41 million deal. "Now there's 
a name | can work with!" said Stutterling. 
"Whenever he hits a homer, | can scream, 
"Dick has a big big stick!" or "Fleets hits 
one way up in the seats!" Fleets, who is not 
known for his power, hit .116 last year with 
two home runs and two RBI in 614 at-bats. 


7 NFL's "No Bowl" Makes Debut, 
4 Replacing "Pro Bowl” 


ORLANDO, FLORIDA 

The NFL first-ever "No Bowl" ended yesterday with, as widely antici- 
pated, no score. The much-hyped game replaced the Pro Bowl, which 
7 has long been a disappointment to fans because so few all-star 


774 players tended to participate. "Since the No Bowl promises nothing, 


fans can't be disappointed," said league commissioner Roger 
Goodull last month when announcing the game. Since the contest 
featured no players, no coaches, no cheerleaders and no spectators, 
-~ Goodull has been proven right. In fact, the televised game had all 
the excitement of a regular NFL game minus the fast cuts, gritty 
closeups and slo-mo replays. It also featured no-play-by-no-play 
commentary of the action not happening on the empty field. The 
onslaught of beer and erectile dysfunction commercials, however, 
remained. "It wouldn't be a football game without them," said 


~~ Goodullin a postgame news conference. In keeping with the theme 


of "promising fans nothing," Robin Thicke performed during halftime. 


ORTS PAGES 


New Effort to Speed 
Up Baseball Unveiled: 
Balls Caught by Fans 
Will Count as Outs 


CUPINLUCK, ILLINOIS 

With the average length of baseball 
games still over three hours, Commis- 
sioner Bart “Bowie” Scuddy announced 
sweeping rule changes today to speed 
up the pace of play. Among the most 
controversial changes announced is the “Grandstand Fly Rule,” which 
states: “Any fly ball, whether fair or foul, caught by a fan with their hands, 
a hat, a glove or a net, shall be considered an out." Supporters of the 
rule point out that it will not only speed up the game, but encourage 
fan participation and, concurrently, sales of outfield seats. Detractors 
argue that it could lead to homicides at the ballpark if, for example, a 
White Sox fan were to catch what would have otherwise been a home 
run in the bleachers at Wrigley Field. Scuddy was quick to point out that 
that already happens at Wrigley Field even without the rule in effect. 


UFC Fighter Retires 
Before First Match 


DETRITUS, MICHIGAN 

The highly-anticipated first fight 

of women's UFC newcomer Beverly 
Grout was put in jeopardy when she 
announced her retirement during 
the weigh-in for her premiere bout, 
scheduled for next week. "My agent 
said it wasn't necessary,” Grout 
explained to reporters. “I've already 
secured endorsement deals worth $12 million.” In fact, Grout's 
endorsements may exceed that amount, as she inked contracts to 
represent Pepsi, GoDaddy, Dick's Sports, Bon Ami Cleanser, Victoria's 
Secret, Shake Shack and Dyson Vacuum Cleaners. “Му agent, Hector 
[Gabbo], made sure none of the deals said | actually have to fight. 
Did you SEE Ronda Rousey's face after her last match? She looked like a 
beef casserole with a neck! | don't need that. I've already been signed 
for the next three Fast and Furious movies." 


WRITERS: JOE RAIOLA AND CHARLIE КАРАЧ ARTIST: ANTON EMDIN 


T 


Construction Halted on Texas 
Baseball Stadium with No Field 


CRAMWELL, TEXAS 

Construction has been stopped on the new stadium for the Texas 
Yahoos expansion team when it was discovered, more than halfway 
into the $2.3 billion, taxpayer-funded project, that there was 


| inadequate room for a baseball field. The state-of-the-art complex, 


now indefinitely on hold, was expected to have all the coveted 
amenities of modern ballparks, including a waterpark, shopping 
mall, convention center, hotel, petting zoo, seven restaurants 
(including the region's largest Sir Puffy's), a 154-lane bowling alley, 
car detailing center, spa, railway museum, six-level paintball course 
апа 24-5сгееп movie theater. “Look, on a project like this, some 
little things are bound to fall through the cracks,” said developer Eppy 
Spray. “Іп this case, it just so happened to be the infield and outfield.” 


NFL Team Fields First-Ever 
All-Felon Offensive Line 


CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA 

With the recent additions of tackles Mitchelton Thighs (vehicular 
homicide) and JJ Putty (animal cruelty), the Carolina Panthers 
yesterday became the first team in NFL history to field an all-felon 
offensive line. In their thrilling 21-20 victory over the Miami Dolphins 
last night, the Panthers started guards Aggrieved McPouncey 
(sexual assault) and Nate Ononono (threatening a government 
official, tax evasion), along with all-pro center Tyron “Мо Brains” 
Whittleworth (murder, child pornography, twice violating parole). 
"It's a milestone and | think it's great,” said coach Bill Bellicose, 
following the hotly-contested game. The Panthers have proven 
themselves adept at signing talented criminals. Tight end Odell 
Fishhead, who has never been convicted of a felony but boasts four 
misdemeanor offenses (domestic violence, DUI, assault resulting 
in bodily injury and obscenity) currently leads the league in touch- 
down receptions. Still to be determined, however, is whether the 


Panthers’ massive bail postings violate the league's salary cap. - 


e 


бс (9) 
e ө 


ry NO RESTROOM FOR THE WEARY DEPT. 


Sitting down in a public bathroom is a harrowing experience — 
you usually have to contend with filthy seats, nauseating 
smells and Soviet military-grade toilet paper. So the las 


wry 
p DU 
‚ тш 
thing you want when you're hunkered down іп there is a talkative 


neighbor, making things even more awkward with these... 


Кооз. Те i 211113 М 


' Another pair 5 "^" 
2 А | “ Ў : ai 
EE DON = 


of wingtips - 

ruined! 
7 Oh God, қ a Hey, pal. Just TL 
| wish | hadn't IE 771 ШЫЛ cor the hell of it, 
insulted that ы wanna <witeh 


! gypsy! BE seats? 
D y Po T y | 
29) қ Q Е 1 


GA ( 
007 Pebble... 
i= pebble...telephone 
pole...chickpea... 
Lincoln Log... , 


5) 


L 


Фф 


fifty bucks | can 
get my stream up 
and over this here 
divider. 


got it! Who says | 
| you can't smuggle 7} 
a Glock into this 
building?!? |, p. 
what Snapchat Чуй м 
filter would work i 


with that? “NG 
f ilike you! Into ( 
E the Ziploc | 
l 


Excuse 
me? Friend? 
| need you to call 
my wife! 


Гүе always 
found being around 
running water to be 
so calming... 


You’ve 
got to see this. 
"т rolling it over 
to you. 


de dios! The 
image of San Су» FN 
Sebastian! A M" 


: Dial-A- 

Mattress? 16 it true 
That you'll deliver 
anywhere? 


You got 
any toilet paper over 
there? Also, some gauze 
and a number Ч Ace 
bandage? 


Batteries? 
Cigarettes? Packing 
peanuts? Dammit, Ambien, 

what did you make 
me eat!?! 


Іт not 
a praying man... 
but God, if you’re 
up there - | need 
you now! 


Hey, buddy - 
could you take a look 
and tell me whether this is 
a tapeworm or just 
some fettucini? 


"Restaurant — — 
Employees Must Wash 
Hands." Hee hee! It doesn't 8 
say anything about the 
manager, though! 


Man, ІҒ 
They bombed 
Syria like this, the 
war would be 


К Could you 
sign this video 
release form, 


Y So much 

corn! Aaaaaand 
here comes 
the cob! 


Dammit, you’re 
my helper monkey – $ 
get helping! 


o. 


ЖЕ, 


(2) 


т» 


й AE м. 
FROM 


<) 


WANT, TUS HEAR COMING 
ЗАТ 


ыт. Everyone 


1 just calm Oh, jeez, | 
Yiu down and stop dropped my phone in! 
ЖА? shoving! And my wedding ring! ^ A perfectly-rendered 


And my glasses! 
And my... 


"Don't Tread on Me" 


7 Let it go, 

let it go, can't 
hold it back any- 
тоооооге! -' 


Oh God - 
Why did | eat that 
vending machine 


iPad, HBO GO, 
SnoBalls, Fanta... 
| am SET! 


That's either 
corn or baby teeth... 
either way, | gotta 
stop ordering Ғсот 
Golden Panda! 


Mr. Toilet — 
| hope you're 


Hey, buddy - 
if | told you | had a 
travel-sized Yahtzee, 
would you be up for 

a game? 


| could 

W really use а 

EN slotted spoon 
LL right now! 


No, you 
caught me at a 
perfect time. Let's 
do the mortgage 
application 
by phone. 


Rich hints 
of mahogany; subtle 
undertones of cherry... 
| really like your 
bouquet! 


Hi, Rush! 
First-time caller, 
long-time 
listener! 


| told the 
waiter no peanuts. 
| TOLD THE WAITER 
NO PEANUTS. / TOLD 
THE WAITER NO 
PEANUTS! 


Damn 
automatic toilet 
flushed before 
| could take 

inventory! 


know what | just 
made, but it’s already | 
got 50 likes on 
Instagram! 


Oh, man = 
pants off first, THEN 
sit down! Stupid! 
Stupid! 


7 fine. | can keep Jey | Ё 
Skyping. 


CY HASHTAG, YOU'RE IT DEPT. 


Jerry's life was good. Sure, he never grew into a Бір Tic-Tac-Toe He lived with his roommate, Dave the Open-Parenthesis, 
board like he dreamed of, but he was the Pound Sign, and a brooding type, who was always making asides. But Dave's 


that was enough. Work was steady, especially since the rise of western omelets more than made up for his sometimes 
automated customer service and the prompt "...followed by the bummer moods. They got along fine and were even on the 
pound sign" He had little time to ponder what might have been. same bowling team — just a couple of friends living their lives. 


The next day, when it happened a few more times, he 


One typical afternoon авлгайс Jerry found himself crammed checked with his cube-mate, Pam the Number Three, to see if 


т : e she had experienced 1 1 ! 
right up against the beginning of a word. He waited to feel the there 5." time to a se : | : ee ‚= 
backspace correcting the typo, but it never came. Не chalked outwhatwas паррешар, 


: Bef i 
it up to MKS — Moron at the Keyboard Syndrome. эд зай "Py smashed up against more words than 


Exclamation point, get over hege You bastara! We 
cant Make a decent sweak word without Yon! 
NBN WODA ан EE LER 


It wasn't long before Jerry (or “Hashtag J/ as he now insisted 


Jerry got used to the weird and constant proximity to words, on being called) became unrecognizable. Soon he was running 
but what unsettled him was that no one called him by his given with a new crew of friends, who glommed onto his fame. Dollar 
name, Pound Sign, anymore. This new gig brought him a new Sign, At and Ampersand were his constant cohorts in clubs, and 
name: Hashtag. And a new sensation: popularity. when they all got together it always spelled trouble. 


30 


You call THIS Light on the 
nutmeg, sweetheart * Tesus irist! 


Hashtag J was living big — late nights, expensive meals, 

fancy jewelry. He never saw Dave anymore and was barely 
associating with his coworkers. But Hashtag J was on top of 
the world and there was no stopping him. Or so he thought. 


" And YOU smell INSIGNIFICANT,’ he scoffed — when, all at | 
once, it hit him. He turned and took in the scene, and in a voice 
he barely knew — Jerry's voice — said, "You're right. I've lost my 
way. I've forgotten that no matter how famous you are, we are 
all equal. Even Equal Sign! And, I do, I do smell super-musty. 


The guys at Pinny Lanes welcomed him back, no questions 
asked. Dave is happy to have his roommate back for Wednesday 
Western Omelets and Trivia Night — and sometimes Cora the 
Lower Case h rides over on her brand new bike to join them. 


One day, driving to the Polo Club, he was texting with a symbol 
he had met the night before. He heard the scream before he 

felt the impact. Slamming on the brakes, Hashtag J sprinted 
from the car to see the mangled bicycle under his wheels, but 
the cries came from another direction, where Cora the Lower 
Case h was shivering on the side of the road. “You monster! You 
almost killed me! Also, you smell super-musty!” she wailed. 


After that, Jerry changed his ways. Ampersand was the last 
one to stop calling. The rest of his party friends quickly latched 
on to Asterisk (who was getting a lot of press because of some 
classified emails). 


J erry is still busy as hell and as popular as ever. He's taken up 
meditation and journaling, and, most weekends you can find 
him volunteering down at the Invoice Factory, as the Pound Sign. 


WRITER AND ARTIST: TERESA BURNS PARKHURST 


“Тһе perfect joKe gift for the Bat-fan ES 
that has everything. as well as a 24 : 
| | Fun little tale to read to your younger Bat-Mite = 
as you tuck him or her into bed” 


ж. —AIN’T IT COOL NEWS 


pre ants: 


A 100% unauthorized à И: 
GOODNIGHT MOON parody—as only the 3 Эн 
world-(in)famous MAD magazine 

can do it! 


= 


HARDCOVER 
ON SALE | 


JAMES EARL DUSTIN 
Unprovoked assault on cardboard 
Kylo Ren standee at Target 


DONNIE HORTNOY 
Convincing minor that a 
paintball was a gumball 


DEREK JAMES CODY 
Excessive strokes on busy mini- 
golf course with people waiting 


6 


MUG SHOTS ОҒ COMMON (BUT DES 


RONNIE LEE SCRUGGS 
Taking all the beef from Beef with 
Broccoli tray at Chinese buffet 


LEVI BIGTOE 
Posting Yelp review for 
restaurant that he never visited 


лет EARL 1L DERRICK 
False use of “multi-family 
mega-sale” posting to describe 
small, sad yard sale 


WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 


ОТСНА 


VOL. 7 ISSUE 31 е FEBRUARY 2018 


FUMBUCK, SKANKIHOOR, METHCHESTER & PERVBERG COUNTIES EDITION 


DUSTIN EARL LEE 
Attempting to pass expired 
Arby’s coupons 


BECKILYNN TUTCH 
Manspreading on crowded 
subway without penis 


WAYNE FARCHLING 
Entering bounce house without 
removing shoes 


ARTISTS: SEE LETTERS & TOMATOES, PAGE 4 


SPICABLE) CRIMINALS 


JASON JUSTIN DUSTIN 
Attempting to pass expired 
Arby's coupons (at Hardee's) 


-2 mes SHANE 


Climbing into steel claw game 
at Walmart 


BUNIONS O'SCROODLE 
Stealing pies cooling 
on windowsill 


RONALD LEE RAY 
Grabbing the milk with the 
later date from the back of 

the dairy case 


NORTON CROWHEADENBUS 


Using fingers to eat cherry 
tomatoes directly from salad bar 


LUCUS MUCUS 
Passing off recipe found online as 
“Grandma Stucker's potato salad” 
for church fundraising cookbook 


VIRGIL LEE CASEY 
Blaming it on the dog 


RONALD DEERTICK 
Clipping toenails while wife 
is eating 


Using free address labels sent 
by Humane Society without 
sending back a donation 


MALWARE DIRSLOP 
Frantically forwarding debunked 
email about hypodermic needles 
at gas pumps, with four years of 

headers attached, to grandson 


TEB TUB 
Writing harassing/threatening 
birthday cake inscriptions 


KATO SMOOT 
Unauthorized all-you-can-eat 
shrimp plate sharing at Sizzler 


FLUFFY MCDOUGAL 
Wanton destruction of 
avian wildlife 


THROMBOSIS KRUMP 


Giving homework on a 
holiday weekend 


НЭГ 


TOM WADDEDSOCK 
Taking selfie in locker room with 
nude fat guy in background 


ewan 


JIM GRAVEL 
Methodically capturing and 
dismembering 238 drifters 

between 1968 and 1997 


RICKY LEW PECKER 
Binge-watching brother-in-law’s 
colonoscopy videos 


COVFEFE-BOB GRUNK 
Hitting “reply all” to email with 
information pertinent only to 
the original sender 


BO GRIGGS/LEON HAMS 
Sneaking in own candy to 
movie theater 


à Y 
TANYA CORTORDER 


Publicly referring to self as 
*mommy of two furbabies" 


WESLEY LEE WHESS 
Throwing together bag of soiled 
rags to donate to thrift store on 

12/31 to get tax receipt 


COLBY CODY DAKOTA 
Failure to purchase Girl Scout 
cookies from co-worker 


Giving Uber driver low rating 
because “she wasn't hot" 


HEATH ROY RUGG 
Passive-aggressively preventing 
use of adjacent movie seat by 
putting coat over it 


DON OWLPELLET 


Retweeting everything 
Fetty Wap tweets 


HECKY PECKERSMITH 
Malicious theft of a piece from 
a half-finished jigsaw puzzle in 
a nursing home common area 


BEAU WURDLOW 
Keeping light on throughout 
an overnight flight 


DR. GRADY BIRDSLOP 
Plugging phone charger into wall 
at TJ Maxx like he owns the place 


Р ; 
8 ` 
> o 

Қ Va 
: i 


INSTON VAN 

Failure to participate in mandatory 
standing ovation for entrance of 
Joy Behar at taping of The View 


FESTUS MCPITSTANK 
Fugitive from deodorant 


du 
asd 


KLAXON WHISENSCHMUT 
Asking for a “сир for water" 
but filling it with soda 


CODY GRIGGS CLAYTON 
Refusing to free up space on 
DVR by deleting 27 unwatched 
episodes of Gotham 


45136268 

к OLYMPIA 

7 CITY POLICE 
OLYMPIA, WA & 


Y 
ZEKE A. VYRUSS 
Falsely claiming to have 


diabetes to avoid purchasing 
fundraising candy bar 


Doing the Fold-In in the 
checkout line and then not 
buying the magazine 


t PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


| TLL BE BACK UH, WHAT ОН M? GOD! “оукЕ 
IN A COUPLE WOULD MOM SAT RIGHT! I CAN'T LEAVE GOES A | ADULT - 
OF MINUTES. ABOUT THIS? AN “OU IN A HOT CAR. | VIDEO STORE |F 
4 COME WITH ME! | LA E 


NATHAN COOPER 


ІЛ ALL STARTED А FEW MONTHS BACK 
WHEN 1 DECIDED THAT 177 HAD IT WITH 
SOCIETY! THE FEAR, THE ANGER, THE 
24-HOUR NEWS CYCLE. CHECK, PLEASE! 
£O ONE DAY І SUST...STARTED WALKING. 


“THE FURTHER AWAY 1 GOT FROM 
CIVILIZATION, THE MORE AT PEACE I FELT. 
1 ARRIVED AT THE FOOT OF A MOUNTAIN, 
AND 1 JUST STARTED CLIMBING THAT SUCKER. 
WHEN 1 REACHED THE SUMMIT, 1 EXPERIENCED. 
A QUIETNESS UNLIKE ANYTHING ТУ EVER 
FELT BEFORE. A STILLNESS CAME OVER 
7 MY SOUL. IT WAS BEAUTIFUL, MANI? 


“FROM UP THERE 1 COULD FINALLY SEE THINGS AS THEY REALLY WERE. WHOA. THAT SOUNDS INCREDIBLE. 
А LINGLE UNIVERSAL CONSCIOUSNESS THROUGH WHICH ALL THINGS МЕРЕ 
(6) CONNECTED. 1 WAS FLOATING THROUGH А SEA OF ENLIGHTENMENT, 
COMMUNING WITH THE ENTIRE COSMOS. ALL WAS ONE.” 


І WANTED 
ТО POST A SERENITY 
SELFIE AND COULDNT 
GET А @##%\\? WI-FI 
SIGNAL UP 
THERE! 


KENNY KEIL 


36 


yz 
Scribble 


Mountain 


г It was 
R s 
i bid something 

day : AO 
EVER! > like which 
$ ісе ссгам 


JOHN MCNAMEE 


THE STRIP CLUB 


8, A.l. JUST WORK HERE DEPT. 


With robots working in factories, hospitals and even police 

departments — somebody has to detonate those bombs — T Е 
many say that the future of job automation is already here. But 

in the years to come, we'll see advances that will make our cur- ы Е О 

rent sci-fi dystopia seem positively quaint! Don’t believe us? Just q 

tell your cybernetic butler to read you this piece we like to call... ` 


Automobiles become completely self- For the first time in history, a robot performs 
driving — leaving cabbies, truckers and | open-heart surgery. It is immediately removed 
the cast of Fast & Furious jobless 5 from the Ка assembly line and destroyed 


McDonald's staff becomes fully automated — leading 
to higher profits, shorter wait times and a dramatic 
uptick in customers finding lugnuts in their Big Macs 


Childcare is revolutionized with the advent of 
the Robo-Nanny. Sure, it’s just a mini-fridge, 

an iPad and a fidget spinner welded together — 
but, man, does it keep the kids out of your hair! 


The animatronic Donald Trump from Disney 
World’s Hall of Presidents somehow manages to 
become the host of Celebrity Robot Apprentice 


9 ПП ШИНИВВ"В"И"И"И"Г"ВИ"И"Г"ВИТГИИИГИИИИИЦИЛДИЦЦИИІИІГІ 


о ШЇП ШШ 
E ШШЩ 


ШОТА 


WRITER: KENNY KEIL 


ARTIST: JOHN MARTZ 


The U.S. Postal Service introduces Тһе Demolisher, 
an automaton capable of destroying fragile packages 
with 10 times the efficiency of a human mail carrier 


For the first time in baseball history, a robot plays in 

the World Series. Unfortunately, its settings accidentally 
get switched from "Pitcher" to “Belly Itcher" in the 
seventh inning, resulting in a devastating upset 


Human police officers are replaced with 
patrol drones, resulting in some of the 
weirdest episodes of Law & Order yet 


Millions of robot workers are laid off 
by the world's first-ever robot CEO 


9 ШШШ ШШШ ЩИ ЛИШИ ШШЩ ШШЩ ШШЩ ШШШ ELE ELEE ELLE ELE LE ELLE ELE EEEEEEELEEEELELEEEELELEELELE LE ELLE LE ELE LE ELLE LE EL EE LEE ELLE ELE LEE ELE ELE LE ELE LE LE ELE LE LEE ELE LL L N 


9 ПВ ШШШ ШИШИШИ ШИИ 


А, DEATH COMEDY JAM DEPT. 
No one knows what happens after we die (well, if you're Colonel Sanders, we know you're awkwardly portrayed 
It can answer a lot of questions (but not “15 this the most morbid and depressing intro to a 


a 


ELECTED OBSE 


RANDOW 


ae 


ROM | 


"showed more 
menstrual bleeding = 


5 than is common 
A Bl 


WRITER: JEFF KRUSE ARTIST: ТОМ BUNK DIA SS of М +19) for a man...” 
м also): БА L A : i 
' : 1 Ч ) -. С 


“по evidence of 
a soul, despite 
repeated urgings by 
the hospital chaplain 
to keep looking... 


"...deceased appears 
to have had tonsils 
removed and 
replaced with 
artificial ones..." 


“deceased was а 
14805-его sitcom 
actor, who most 

people thought had 

died years ago... 


~al don't even want 

| to think about how z 

27 Monopoly hotels - 
ended up in 

subject's colon..." 


SÁ E 
E | 
SS qu ; anmy 


EA YA 


a 
ш 
а 
3 
ш 
2 
ш 
(2) 
2 
т 


SERGIO ARAGONÉS 


EY SERGE 


WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONES COLORIST: JIM CAMPBELL 


43 


^5» 
"d ^ 


y y y? 


OUR BEST MATERIAL 


a ON AMERICAS a 
GREATEST" 
PRESIDENT! 


Кү 
* Over 120 pages of | !!! 
Trump stupidity! (ЛІС 


ж Following Donald Trump’s 
career from shady 
business man to slimy 
reality star to 
incompetent President! 


х Featiiking an introduction 
апа интпа! artwork by 
См аке Tapper! 


т 


NOTE: Refunds will not be 
offered in the event of impeachment 


ry EVIL DOES IT DEPT. 


The villainous mastermind Dr. Heinous — trapped in his awkward teenage past! І.Р. 


Studios presents... 


“DEWEY S LAST DANCE: 


ГО LIKE TO THANK 
MYSELF, WITHOUT 
WHOM NONE OF 
THIS WOULD BE 
POSSIBLE... 


ALSO, MY FELLOW 
NOMINEES FOR ALL 
DYING IN A SERIES 

OF MYSTERIOUS LAB 
ACCIDENTS...AGA/N. 


MOTHER? CEASE BUT YOU LOOK 
WITH YOUR INFERNAL 50 CUTE ІМ YOUR 
OUTFIT, SWEETIE? 


ТШ. HAVE YOU KNOW 
T GROW UP TO HAVE 
MULTITUDINOUS 
ROMANTIC 
OPTIONS/ IM 


Fa JUST Busy 
WITH WORK, 


WRITER: KENNY KEIL ARTIST: JUSTIN PETERSON 


YOU'RE 
SQUIRMING. 
DON’T BE 
NERVOUS/ 


5/7 
STILL, YOU 
FIDGETY 
VERMIN? 


NOW WHERE'S 
THAT б/Е2ЕР/ЕМО 


DESTINY, 
SILLY? YOU'VE 
BEEN TALKING 
ABOUT YOUR DATE 
WITH HER Ад 


And this time | won't let anything... 
or anyone...stand in my way! 


LISTEN HERE, MEDDLESOME /MP. 
THIS 15 А SPEC/AL NIGHT FOR ME AND 
I DON'T NEED ANY Z/7TTLE GIRLS 


WE, UH, SORT OF 
PICKED OUR PARTY 


WELCOME TO 
HOMECOMING 
2049/ 


WELL, WELL, | 
WELL...IF IT ISN'T SS 
| JUNIPER CHIVES. 


Look at her, trying to distract me with 
her inane prattling. As if it wasn't all a 
calculated ruse to stifle my greatness/ 
Some people are ёо petty. It’s sad, really. 


NICE TRY, 
CHIVES/ BUT TVE 
GOT B/GGER FISH 
TO FRY. HAVE A 
NICE LIFE. 


GETTING IN MY WAY. 
227167 


S/GH...PRETTY 
SURE WE'RE ALL 
STEERING CLEAR 

OF YOU TOO, 


PUNCH? 


e 


WHEN 7 SAY 
“SCHOOL,” YOU 
SAY "ROCKS! 


THEME BEFORE 
THE MOVIE CAME 


опт... АМО ВУ ТИЕ 


TIME ІТ BOMBED, 
Т HAD ALREADY 
PAINTED THE 
RYAN GOSLING 
MURAL. 


AH, THIS 
PART OF THE 
JOB NEVER 

GETS OLD. 


YOU'RE EVEN WORSE АТ GRIF TING 
THAN YOU ARE AT TEACHING SCIENCE! 
WHY, YOU WOULDN'T KNOW TRUE 
VILLAINY IF IT BIT YOU ON THE — 


Yes! Yesss! It's working! MR. BALSAWOOD2?./ WHY ARE YOU DRESSED 
UP LIKE EDM SUPERSTAR DJ DANK MEME?/ 


OF COURSE IT'S WORKING...) 
TM BRILLIANT’ 
THANKS A 


LOT, DEWEY! 


TM JUST TRYING TO 
MAKE THIS NIGHT SPEC/AL 


THAT SPEAKER WAS 


A RENTAL/ THERE 
GOES MY SECURITY 


7 I DON'T KNOW WHAT 
GOT INTO YOU LAST 
SUMMER, BUT YOU'VE 
BEEN ACTING WEIRD 
ALL YEAR! 


DEPOSIT... 


YOU PRETEND TO BE A NORMAL 


/ KID, BUT NORMAL KIDS DON'T BURN 


DOWN THE CHEMISTRY LAB, SCAM 
THEIR CLASSMATES OR USE FIELD 
TRIPS AS A COVER FOR /NDUSTR/AL 
SABOTAGE? AND THEY DEFINITELY 
DON'T CRASH THE HOMECOMNG 
DANCE AND DECAPITATE 


FOR THE KIDS, OKAY 
AND A QUICK $2,000 
WHILE ТМ AT IT. 


BULLY?! A BULLY/? 
WOULD A MERE BULLY 
BE CAPABLE OF OPENING 
AN /NTERDIMEN- 
S/ONAL PORTAL 
LIKE THAT? 


RYAN GOSLING/ 


Now, | just need to tune the portal 
into the right harmonic Frequency, 
and it’s exit stage leFt/ 


GENIUS 
HAS NO 
OFF-SWITCH, 
CHIVES? 


TURN IT 
OFF, 
DEWEY! 


- 


I KNOW WHAT ЕС 
YOU REALLY 
ARE, DEWEY 
DERWIN/ 


SUPER-VILLAIN, 
YOU FOOL/ FROM 
THE FUTURE! 


WHOA...\T 
REALLY /S A 
PORTAL TO THE ‹ 
FUTURE! ВИТІФМТ THAT KIND 
ғ OF LIKE CUTTING IN LINE? 
AND WHAT ABOLIT CREATING A 
TEMPORAL PARADOX? AS BOTH 
A HALL MONITOR AND A MATH- 
LETE, T HAVE SOME SERIOUS 


YOU'LL 


THAT'S WHY 
ГМ THE SUPERVILLAIN 
AND YOU'RE NOT... 
T SIMPLY DON'T 
GIVE A OX$Z/ 


PAY FOR 


7 UHH, HAVEA ` 
GREAT NIGHT, 
KIDS/ DJ DANK 
MEME OUT? 


AND YOU'RE 
HANGING OLIT AT 


PATHETIC CHILD/ 
DR. HEINOUS ALWAYS 
SKIPS OUT ON THE BILL/ 


WAIT, 50 
LIKE... 


“Ue 


I DID A LITTLE... 
REDECORATING WHILE 
VOLI WERE OLT. 


OH, DON'T TELL 
ME YOU'VE ALREADY 
FORGOTTEN YOUR 

"NINTH-GRADE 
NEMESIS”... 


ТЕС USED MY 7/ME MACHINE 
TO BEAT ME TO THE 
FUTURE...STEAL MY JOB... 
AND MAKE ME YOUR 
HENCHMAN?! 


With that whole debasing ordeal behind me, | can One thing's For eure: 
Finally get back to business. Hmm...what atrocity today marks a new era 
Shall | commit First? Raze the rainforests? of evil For Dr. Heinous/ 
Tilt the tectonic plates? Stink-bomb a Starbucks? 


TM BACK, BABY! 
OH, HOW TVE M/SSED 


YOu, SECRET ER...WAS 


SUBVOLCANIC AND ОА, THAT THERE 
EVIL LAIR/ ATOMIC À BEFORE? | 


DEATH RAY’ 


ESPECIALLY 
YOu, GIANT 
SHARK 


AND vou, 
GIANT 
RYAN GOSLING 


YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD IT ALL FIGURED 
OUT WITH YOUR LITTLE D/SAPPEARING 
ACT AT THE HOMECOMING DANCE, 
BUT YOU OVERLOOKED ONE 
MINOR DETAIL... 


YOU LEFT BEHIND 
YOUR TIME MACHINE, 
DINGUS. 


PLEASE, 
CALL ME... 


PRO TIP: NEXT 


OR Ў TIME YOU DECIDE TO MAKE 
e BY A VINDICTIVE MATHLETE'S 
HEINOUS. FRESHMAN YEAR A LIVING HELL... 


TRY AND KEEP YOUR REALITY- 
ALTERING INVENTIONS 
OUT OF HER REACH. 


WON'T GET 
AWAY WITH ITZ 
T KINDA ALREADY 2/2. 
THAT'S THE COOL 
THING ABOUT 7/МЕ 
TRAVEL. 


Feared by parents. Hated by teach- 
ers. Envied by evil-doing amateurs. 
Every one of them hell-bent on 
my downfall. But know this... 


I MEAN, vou 
COULO TRY TO “FIX” 
THINGS AGAIN, BUT УОШО 
PROBABLY JUST SCREW 
THEM UP EVEN WORSE. 


OH, CMON. ТМ NOT THAT 
PETTY. YOU'RE HEAD ОР 
HAMSTER RESEARCH. 


(IT'S CAGE 
CLEANING DAY, 
BY THE WAY.) 


you 
WON'T GET 
AWAY WITH 
THIS? 


} You can knock me TERN m can 
steal my evil identity...but like 
bedbugs, Justin Bieber and the 
McRib - I'll just keep coming back, 
more terrible than ever/ And when 
| do, you'll all be sorry?! Especially 
you, "Dr. Heinous.” бо swears... 


DEWEY = 


KK/se 2017 


Enjoy the pungent aroma of grated 
parmesan — or is that body odor? — 
as your sweaty waiter awkwardly 
leans over your table with a cheese 
grater and garnishes your salad to 
your custom specifications! 


WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 


0004 THROUGH OUR NEXT HEALTH DEPARTMENT INSPECTION! 
бағу FAVORITE Jom 


e “Gluten-free” selections do not actually 
meet the definition of “gluten-free” and may 
contain gluten but chances are you aren't 
actually allergic to gluten anyway, having 
merely read an article about it somewhere 
and convinced yourself you suffer from 
Celiac Disease, like millions of other 
attention-seeking hypochondriacs. 


ARTIST: SCOTT BRICHER 


paghetti Escrementi del Ratto 


PAIRS 
WELL 
WITH 


Alcohol 


* Every day we prepare and donate food to 
help those in need within our community. In 
most cases the food was prepared for paying 
customers but sent back or unfinished. But 
it was still prepared. And our definition of 
“donate” is “not securing the locking bar on 
the dumpster behind the restaurant in areas 
with a significant homeless population.” 


: And they're steeped i in some sort of greasy, 
: dripping oil, so the stains they leave on your shirt 
} are permanent! 


i Note: ” 
i anyone to bring you another basket of breadsticks, not the actual 
i breadsticks. Goes great with our Never-Coming Pasta Bowl! 


APPETIZERS 


Fried Melanoma 

Sun-kissed, irregularly-shaped skin 
tags topped with a searing spritz 
of super-cold liquid nitrogen. 
Abbondonza! 7.29 


Meager Mussels Marinara 

Build up your appetite by going 
to work on this seemingly 
generous platter of marinara- 
drenched mussel shells with 
surprisingly little meat inside. An 
immense undertaking of awkward, 
messy work for a remarkably small 
amount of food. Served with little 
pieces of toast so you don't feel 
completely robbed. 11.79 


Never-ending” refers to your frustrated attempts to flag down į 


: *Hungry for more? Just remember, according to 
: the Mayo Clinic, symptoms of food poisoning 

: don't generally kick in until a few hours after 

: eating апа can last for days! 


igen 
PASTA BOWL, 


*for standard 
spaghetti with thin, 
watery tomato sauce 


Our most famous promotion is back — the Never-Coming 
Pasta Bowl! Choose a signature pasta and we won't bring it 
to you. Order again and we still won’t bring it to you! Goes 
great with our Never-Ending Breadsticks! 


: €ggplant Parallelogram 

: Lightly fried, pan-crusted, 

: topped with marinara and 

: mozzarella and cut into 

: rectilinear figures with opposite 
: sides deliciously parallel. 
Served with your choice of 

: protractor or slide rule. 14.99 


Spaghetti Capybara 
Tenderloins of enormous South 
American rodent tossed in a 
creamy sauce with bacon and red 
peppers. 16.99 


Wynton Marsala 


Sautéed filet of trumpet in a savory 


jazz/mushroom fusion. 16.99 


: Shrimp Skimpi 

: Big wad of fettuccine tossed 

} with the rest of that Roma 

: tomato we used in your salad, 
i covering up two, eh, maybe 

: three undersized shrimp. 18.49 


Waitress Hair with Tilapia 
Bland whitefish baked in a lemon 
butter sauce and tossed with tufts 
of thin blonde hair from waitress 
who is going bald due to the 
stress of not being able to find 

a decent job after college and 
being unable to pay her student 
loans; when she’s done here, she’s 
stocking shelves at Walmart until 
4 a.m. 18.99 


: Extra Thick 
: Sausage-Stuffed 

: Manicotti al Porno 

: Overstuffed pasta arranged 

: obscenely оп a plate with two 
: round meatballs and delivered 


| by a waiter with a bad mustache | 


: serenading you with the 
: traditional Italiano song, "Bow 
: Chikka Wow Wow." 15.99 


Herb-Roasted Sea Bass 

Filet roasted to perfection by Herb 
in the kitchen and topped with 
garlic butter. Lou-roasted Sea Bass 
available on Sundays & Mondays 
(Herb's days off). 19.99 


TRADITIONAL DINNER Favoriten — —— 


Marie: 
€ Ae иг 


| Lasagna di Marie Callender 

i Scant portion of Marie 

: Callender's lasagna that was 

: mis-delivered by the food 

: distributor that services all the | 
¿ chain restaurants in this business | 
: park. Served with your choice — 
: of Cracker Barrel turnip greens 
Бог Red Lobster Cheddar Bay 

: biscuits. 14.99 


Fettucine Congeali 

Fettucine pasta tossed in butter- 
rich alfredo sauce that was 
ready for pick-up by your server 
ten minutes ago while she was 
on her break and has since 
hardened into a solid room- 
temperature slab that you're 
going to need a steak knife to 
cut and some sort of improvised 
wedge — maybe the salt 
shaker — as a fulcrum to pry off 
the plate. 14.99 


: Chicken Subpoena 

: Grilled chicken breast topped 

i with fresh tomatoes, mozzarella 
t and basil pesto served atop 

Ба parmesan-crusted order to 

: appear in court. 19.49 


CREATE YOUR OWN HEARTBURN - 11.09 


PASTA COMBINATIONS THAT SOUND GOOD WHEN YOU ORDER THEM, ANYWAY! 


PICK-A YOU PASTA SELECT-A YOU SAUCE CHOOSE-A 
G andolfini (A mew сан opened every morning!) YOU TOPPING 
Т Traditional Mascara Pupperoni 
; Clamato : 
Mezzanine a Sautéed Squirtle 
Ed Marinaro Mamass E. coli 


[ Stuffed Port Authority Mushrooms 


Tusken-Pounded Sirloin PAIRS 
i A succulent trio of mushrooms harvested from Sand-crusted seared 11-oz. bantha WELL 
: under a bench іп a humid corner of New York's sirloin tenderized to delicious WITH 
: Port Authority Bus Terminal, stuffed with pepperoni perfection with а gaffi stick and Twofisted 
: and mozzarella from а Lunchables left in the Lost & served with roasted new potatoes. drinking 


: Found and tossed with vending machine ravioli out 
i of a microwaveable container. 15.99 


ITALIAN KITCHEN 


*We're All Family Here — 


$17.49 


* Before placing your order, please inform 
us if anyone in your party is one of those 
complaining morons who keep sending 
things back for no reason so your server 
can go behind the bar and pound a 
glass of one of our crappy house wines. 


So Expect the Same 
. % Our meat sauces include floor-dropped 
Kind of Abuse $e Neglect beef and Italian sausage. And a couple 
You Get At Home” of steak medallions some guy at lunch 


didn't finish. And those 11-ounce sirloins 
we ordered too many of last week that 
are really starting to turn. 


MOORE Tm SE Ж E 
[oR SENATE ЖА SEAN HANNI Y 
1 = 2 || MEGA cum Laune 


(THE BEST! 
BELIEVE ME) 


Donald Tri 


WRITER: MIKE MORSE 


ARTIST: WARD SUTTON 55 


BRUTALLY HONEST PARK BENCH PLAQUES, 


rm THE SEAT GOES ON DEPT. 


© e 


$ : es 


“ Sheila Godsick % @* Mark Woodford Y $* TrevorMiddler — & 


: 3 aa Nice guy. Never bothered anyone. 
Tragically passed away Мы Н E 
: $ 5 Kept his front lawn well-trimmed. 
before I could convince him to Serial killer responsible for murdering 


include me in his stinking will. 27 people in Hinsdale Township. 
— Mark Woodford Jr. — His surprised neighbor, Ted 


Loved dearly by three 
of her four children. 


— Iris, Iggy and Ivan, but not Herb 


t. -—— F, 


L 


e cn nisin’ Hell + 
(aka Donna McAllister) 


Hard to believe that we never 
figured out that she was a stripper. 


^ Leslie Zeed e 
A beautiful girl whose 
addiction to lip injections 
bought me a house in Tuscany. 
— Dr. CO ounder 


Felicia Moore 


Who came here to write poetry, 
which she sucked at. 4. 


— Anonymous 


— Her parents, George & Marge McAllister 
5 


Mr. Biggles 
Who peed around here so often 
you can still smell the stench 
of his urine. 
— City Councilman Norm Choms 


EJ MARGINAL THINKING DEPT. 


DRAWN OUT DRAMAS 


1-Х == 
{ (SF кы 2 > 


2) «S 
JJ) 


RETIA 


ce 
T 


WARNING: 


DO NOT READ THIS! 
MOVE ON TO THE NEXT PAGE. 


Recently, scientists stumbled onto a revelation that they never 
dreamed they’d encounter in their lifetimes. It’s an entirely new 
perspective so out of this world that they’re completely incapable 
of processing it. To find out what startling new insight has stymied 
even the most well-rounded theories, just fold page in as shown. 


2) n 7 E] 


LES; О 


FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 
[=> <q FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


iE 


THAT SOME 
DOLTS 
BELIEVE THE 
EARTH IS 
FLAT 


CET READY FOR AN ALL 


DROPS n 
APRIL! 


