SPECIAL SUMMER TRAVEL ISSUE 
Le D AA 


MEANXIUS SUM? 


Mainly for us! If you think carbon makes 
trouble for You, just wait till you see 
much trouble this tiny little bit of 
material will make for Us! 


how 
fissionable 


Even this much 


can cause 
plenty trouble 


Gulp is all we can say when we think 
of how profits will shrink. Because just 
this much will run your car for a year! 


GuLp Says THE OIL CORPORATIONS 


Gasoline Comhanies Asainst Nuclear Fuels 


D Copyright © 2006 by E.C. 


Publications, Inc. 


NUMBER 65 


SEPTEMBER 1961 


“Some people are like blisters, they show up right after the work is done!" 
— Alfred E. Neuman 


PUBLISHER: William M. Gaines EDITOR: Albert B. Feldstein 
ART DIRECTOR: John Putnam PRODUCTION: Leonard Brenner 
EDITORIAL ASSOCIATES: Jerry De Fuccio, Nick Meglin 
LAWSUITS: Martin J. Scheiman PROPAGANDA MINISTER: Larry Gore 
SUBSCRIPTIONS: Gloria Orlando, Celia Morelli, Anthony Giordano 
CONTRIBUTING ARTISTS AND WRITERS: 

The Usual Gang of Idiots 


DEPARTMENTS 

BRAND X MARKS THE SPOT DEPARTMENT 

TV Commercials With Suspense..,....,,.........,..,... 28 
BUY THE WAY DEPARTMENT 

How Mad. Ave. Could Sell America To The World. .........-.- 10 
CAPITOL PUNISHMENT DEPARTMENT 

The Jack Kennedy Show. . .ccccccscccevcceesveeevns 45 
CHOP STICKS DEPARTMENT 

RMS once does Wel are ANA AS D Maire 39 
DON MARTIN DEPARTMENT 

The: WAV GION uses au ce baie ee nt 8 

The: Good Doctor IN AMIS: Sas daniel 44 
FUN FOR THE ROAD DEPARTMENT 

MAD Ss Atta Tuval GOS is ĠER 3 ei 36 
GOING THROUGH A PHRASE DEPARTMENT 

ARON SHURE TTS: COG rziezet ore 4 
INSIDE JOKE DEPARTMENT 

Medical Illustrated Magazine.......,.....,,..,.,....,, 31 
JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 

SY VS SIV i a a insane (opens sexes arene ea ee latent 13, 38 
LETTERS DEPARTMENT 

Random Samplings Of Reader Mail...................... 2 
MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 

Special License Plates For Special People........,.,......,, me 
MORNING BECOMES ELECTRIC DEPARTMENT 

TV Shows For Late Late Audiences.....,....,........... 14 
ON-THE-JOB CRANING DEPARTMENT 

MAD's Custom Career Designed European Tours.....,......, 24 
THEY ALSO SURF WHO ONLY SAND AND WADE DEPARTMENT 

A. MAD Look Ab The Begehi s-sies nee e ena oo se ts 0:00 sal 
VOWEL PLAY DEPARTMENT 

MAD's Key To Classified Ad Abbreviations...............,. 22 


**Various Places Around The Magazine 


MAD — Sept., 1961, Vol. 1, Number 65, is published monthly except Feb , May. 
August and November, vy E.C. Publications, Ine., at 850 pale Avene, New York PA 
New York, Second Class ate puid ut New York, N. Y. Subscriptions, 9 issues for $2.00 
in the U.S. Elsewhere, $2.50, Entire contents copyright 1961 by E.Ċ, Publications, Inc. The 
Publisher and Editors will not he responsible for unsolicited manuscripts request al 
manuscripts be aooapaniad y a stamped, self-addressed return enve . The names ol 
characters used in all D fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric 
purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


VITAL 


f 


TV FOR LATE, L 
r a ` 


FEATURES 


REALISTIC CHILDREN’S BOOKS...... 4 


Our satire of those basic 
definitions in children's 
books (i.e. “A hole is to 
dig!”) will convince you 
“A MAD is to throw out!” 


ATE AUDIENCES..... 14 


The best TV can be seen 
from 2 to 6 A.M., mainly 
because there's nothing 
on! However, here’s what 
can be done to fix that! 


A MAD LOOK AT THE BEACH....... 18 


EA 
J 


| 


£ JIL 


You won't starve on the 
beach because of ''sand- 
Which-is'' there, but you 
can die laughing because 
of clods which are there. 


CAREER-DESIGNED EUROPE TOURS . .24 


Travel becomes narrowing 
instead of broadening as 
these special MAD tours 
lead American tourists up 
and down their own alleys. 


TV COMMERCIALS WITH SUSPENSE. .28 


Suspense can be painful. 
TV commercials can also 
be painful. Imagine how 
painful “TY Commercials 
with Suspense” could bel 


MEDICAL ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE. .31 


We hope that our version 
of a magazine published 
solely for Doctors will 
even the score by making 
them sick—for a change. 


It kills us to see folks 
going wild over Japanese 
imports! But Karate’s an’ 
import we're wild over— 
because it kills folks! 


MAD suggests that Pres. 
Kennedy adopt a familiar 
show format to keep the 
Trendex of his TV Press 
Conferences up to “Paar.” 


SOON TO BE 


RELEASED! 


ACTUALLY, THIS 10th PAPERBACK COLLECTION 
OF THE BEST FROM PAST ISSUES OF MAD IS 


NOW ON SALE! 


THE ARTISTS AND WRITERS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
IT ARE SOON TO BE RELEASED—FROM JAIL! 


-= = = — (use coupon or duplicate) 
MAD POCKET DEPARTMENT 
850 Third Avenue, New York 22, N. Y. 
Please send me [_] THE IDES OF MAD 


Also, please send me: | enclose: 

CI The MAD Reader CO 40¢ for 1 

O MAD Strikes Back! O 75¢ for2 

O Inside MAD CI $1.00 for 3 

O Utterly MAD O $1.35 for 4 

O The Brothers MAD O $1.65 for5 

C The Bedside MAD O $2.00 for 6 

O Son of MAD 0O $2.25 for 7 

CI The Organization MAD [] $2.60 for 8 

g Like MAD O $2.90 for 9 
O $3.25 for 10 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY ZONE. 

STATE 


SAVE 25c! 


ignore this ad for a full- 
color picture of Alfred E. 
Neuman, ‘cause that's what 
it costs. Mail money to — 
MAD, Dept. ‘’What—Color?"" 
850 Third Ave., N.Y.C. 22. 


LETTERS DEPT. 


MAD's Alfred F. Neuman has become so 


well known that one reader recently wrote 
us from Los Angeles and placed nothing on 
the outer envelope except Alfred, which he 
had clipped from the maguzine. The letter 
was promptly delivered to MAD's New York 
oftice, and, most delightful of all, no one 
with the post office in either Los Angeles or 
New York spoiled it by writing the publica- 
tion's name, address, city or state anywhere 
on it while it was being processed and de- 
livered. It arrived exactly as it was sent: 
with the only clue as to its destination being 
the sophisticated MAD kid himself. So there, 
“Playboy”l—Ed. 


MAD CONCLUSION 


I certainly can see why your latest issue 
was called the “April Showers” special. 
It was a downpour of satire—a deluge of 
gags—a veritable clod-burst. 

K. O'Neil 
Silver Spring, Md. 


REQUIRED READING 


My husband and I have what we call 
required reading programs, and MAD is 
included in the periodicals we cover reli- 
giously, some of them being The Wall 
Street Journal, Saturday Review, etc. We 
truly think MAD has as much to say about 
the American scene as Newsweek. 

Mrs. Norman Larabee 
Seattle, Washington 


Only “Newsweek” says it much funnier! 
—Ed. 


MAD COMPUTER 


namain. 
AR ae dd dm me | 
OM RAA UMA 
ARS BORA RASA AL 
mama) ma adm adm 
ADĦADHADHA — OĦADMAG ĦAJ ĦAĠĦ AJ AQ AGĦA GA GĦALL 
LEE] mac A 
b PALMA ĦAL 
MAGĦADNA malma 
ĦAĠA, ADA 
AADMA — mama 
maa kl - ĦADRA 
essees — mala 
eyed EU me ns. naba 
GĦAL Å ewe maw 
. an messes 
. 


ssnazzzzsanenzenta 
4 whale ME WORT $ 


You guys must feel important, now! I 
read in the March issue of “Popular 
Science” that an electronic computer called 
the Michigan Algorithm Decoder (int- 
tils: M.A.D.) prints a typewriter picture 
like the one attached of your friend, in- 
cluding his motto, when the machine is 
fed the wrong information. That seems 
logical, doesn't it? 

Michael Pershing 
Glencoe, Illinois 


BOOT BEAUT 
Here in Italia, we admire the work of 
MAD very much; there are very good ar- 
tists; the usual gang of idiots is fantastica 
The most hard thing in the world is to be 
able to make laugh people now. I think 
the MAD influence my own work very 
much, What you think? 
Ilia Rubini 
Milan, Italy 


This lovely and talented Italian MAD fan 
influences our work very much, too. This 
issue's cover was Ilia's idcal—Ed, 


THE PERFECT ITEM FOR THE HEAD OF THE HOUSE! 


— Decorate your bathroom with 
A BISQUE-CHINA BUST OF 


[m ALFRED E. NEUMAN 
MAD BUST 
U a00 aa, 850 Third Avenue, New York 22, N. Y. 
À St NAME 
Check ire) ADDRESS i 
proper amount CITY ZONE s 
STATE 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT 


We all really enjoy the results of the 
effort which obviously goes into each issue 
of your wonderful MAD Magazine. 
Humor is sorely needed these days. I also 
enjoy the pleasure my children get from 
MAD. It's unusual to see humor and satire 
nowadays expressed in a fashion such as 
yours, which allows the entire family to 
enjoy it. 

Arthur Laskoe 
New Hyde Park, N. Y. 


LEARNS A LESSON 


I really was shocked when I took a copy 
of your magazine to school with me, and 
my English teacher, Miss Wyma, told the 
whole class she thought it was a very, very 
good magazine. I've been reading MAD 
all these years because | thought it was a 
rotten magazine, and frankly I'm disap- 
pointed to learn thar it isn't. 

Tom Witheridge 
Minneapolis, Minn, 


A MAD IMPROVEMENT 


Your magazine has had a profound ef- 
fect upon me. It used to be that if the 
telephone rang, | would cringe in the cor- 
ner, not daring to answer it. Now, how- 
ever, | answer the telephone whether it 
rings or not. 

James Elliorr Porter 
Boston, Mass. 


WE GET THE PICTURE 


Henry B. Spitz 


The boys working with me on the 


A GOLDEN 
TRASHENY OF 


Teaneck, New Jersey 


THREE SQUARES A DAY: 


That's just about how many laugh-starved clods order... 
“THE GOLDEN TRASHERV OF MAD” 
“MAD FOR KEEPS" and “MAD FOREVER” 


If you've got an appetite for humor, you'll “eat up” our 
three permanent collections of “The Bests” from past 


That way, you get sick to your stomach, and we get 
rid of them —so we can buy three square meals a day. 


For VIRGINIA 1961 
the U-R-A-QT 
Woli 


FOOD FOR THOUGHT 


I've been reading MAD for years, and 
think everything in it is hilarious. Where 
do you get all those funny ideas? Don't 
you ever run out? 


‘The Old Dominion'®, 


Danny Connor 
Hopkins, Minn. 


We run out to lunch occasionally!—Ed. 


NEW ZEAL FOR MAD 


1 thought it about time someone told 
you that your magazine is read and ap- 
preciated way over here in this far cor- 
ner of the Pacific. 

E. L, Moore 
Dunedin, New Zealand 


CURIOSITY KILLED THE CLOD 


I'm curious. What happens to a clod 
like me when he gets his letter printed 


in MAD? Lee Tower 


Santa Monica, Calif. 


We're curious, tool Let's find ovil—Ed, 


A PLAINTIFF CRY 
If you guys were ever hauled into court 
and sued for every cent you had, where 
would your faithful readers be? 
Richard Holzen 


Safe at last!—Ed. DATON RIO 


WE'VE MOVED 


Please note that MAD has moved from its 
old run-down office downtawn to a new run- 
down office uptown. Please address all 
correspondence to: 
MAD, Dept. 65, 850 Third Avenue 
New York 22, New York 


CI MAD FOR KEEPS 


Pa be Sunk oe. 


IF I DIDN'T 


nee 
Æ TO : 


MAD 


Mainly because most of the 
bergs I hit don't have 
newsstands! 
= = — - (use coupon or duplicate) = = = = = 
MAD SUBSCRIPTIONS 


850 Third Avenue 
New York 22, New York 


This is a hull-of-a-way to make a sail— 
‘cause I don't even own a yacht. But I do 
get nauseous when | have to buy MAD on a 
newsstand. So here is my $2.00. Please 
enter my name on your subscription list, 
and ship me the next nine issues by mail. 


NAME 
ADDRESS 
CITY 


ZONE 


STATE 


MAD ANTHOLOGY DEPARTMENT 
850 Third Avenue, New York 22, N. Y. 
| enclose $2.95 each. Please send 
the anthologies checked below... 
O THE GOLDEN TRASHERY OF MAD 
CI MAD FOREVER 


issues of MAD. Each “course” averages 133 pages of NAME 
hilarious articles and ad satires (many in color) to 
tickle your taste buds and please your palate. So ADDRESS 
satisfy your hunger for un-spared ribs and scream- 
ú P à 
style corn. Order your “de luxe anthologies” today! CITV ZONE. STATE 


AD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


GOING THROUGH A PHRASE DEPT. 


Children's books are enjoying unprecedented popularity these days. Mainly because they're being bought 
by parents! However, we've got a sneaking suspicion that the kids aren't too thrilled with them. Let's 
face it: “A Hole is to dig,” “A Pony is to ride on,” and “A Mommy is to love you” is just so much sac- 
charine and slush. Today’s kid will someday be reading Hemingway and Faulkner — not books by ladies 
with three names. He wants truth . . . and realism — not goody-goody namby-pambyisms. He wants books 
that describe the “real” world around him. Something like the following sample... MAD's own version of... 


A REALISTIC CHILDRE 


{or realistic 


For 
the 
Racing Fan 


A Father is to give you long lectures about 
how wonderful he was when he was a boy. 


| A Grandmother is to spoil you. A Toy Store is to stop in front of when 


Grandpa takes you for a walk. 


A Tantrum is to throw in front of a Grandmother so 
she'll holler at your mother and then spoil you more. Tears are to get your own way. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


For 
the 
Fortune Teller 


NS BOOK 
children 


A Brother is to blame things on. 


An Uncle is when he pinches your cheek, you’re 
not allowed to pinch back. 


Po 


$ WHAT YOU NEED À 
; THIS BOOK LIKE ; 


IN YOUR HEAD 


MODERN DEFINITIONS FOR THE MODERN CHILD 


BY PEARL AND GARY BELKIN 
: ILLUSTRATED BY 


An Aunt is to give you clothes for your 
birthday, instead of toys. Open School Week is when your crabby teacher smiles a lot. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


A Cold is to stay home from school with. 


A Pet is to scream and holler until they get 
you one; bur they never get you a monkey. 


Medicine is to yecch after taking. — 


Goldfish are 


to overfeed. 


77 ft, \ 
0 
AT, 
/ 


11,1 
t" l; 


WAN 


Dinner is to push around on the plate until it's such 
a mess that even your mother doesn’t want you to eat it. | 


A Cookie is what you don't get because it will spoil your i i 
dinner, or because you didn’t finish your dinner. f, Camp is to write home for money from. 


Mother's Day is for Daddy to buy Mommy 
a present and say it's from you. 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Homework is to do if there's 
nothing on television. 


Gloves are to 
lose one of. 


A Piano is to practice loud on when your mother is trying to Other kid's toys are to share, 
make a phone call so she'll tell you to go out and play. 


Mud is co crack 


An Allowance is to get an advance on. into the house. 


A Movie Theater is to make noise in and put ‘ae bid is to, 
your feet on the seats until the matron comes. paiknes hair, 


Love Scenes are A Kiss is to 
to giggle at. wipe off. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART 1 

For our first peek into the “butt-end-down 
mind” of Don Martin, here is his version of 
the period in his life when he was known as 


MI je WU 1 < d ġ 
KARUN cn am wi hu G KACHUNKA- T ane HH 


B e) PI 


li 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


= =| € mm yy 
at Nee TA 
KACHUNK-KACHUNKA-KACHUNKA-KACHUNK- 
Z — Ly, 


ARTIST: BOB CLARKE E 
BUY THE WAY DEPT. 
With Russia waging an all-out ''anti-America'' campaign to win new countries 
to their side, we figure it's time for action! Mainly, what better way to 
sell America around the world than to let Madison Avenue handle the problem. 
Then they could treat “democracy and treedom'' as they would the commercial 
products they push. F'rinstance, here are a few sample ads to show you . 


AKQU10 
NEVADA 1961 


i 
M 
3 
3 
? 


“How come we ain't seen you at The Clan lately, Jack?” 


That's American democracy for you! The only nation in the world where a President 
from Harvard and a Singer from Hoboken can sit down together, side-by-side, and 
talk about old times over a cold glass of beer. In no other nation on earth are 
people from different levels treated as equals. Try refreshing democracy yourself! 


MOVE UP TO EQUALITY 


move up to 


THE NATION THAT MADE A CLASS-FREE SOCIETY FAMOUS 


10 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


= 
Why trade a Revolution) oy ae 


Everybody knows... 
it's whos in front that counts 


NUCLEAR WEAPONS 


AMERICA $ 
RUSSIA 


King Size H-Bombs or Regular Size A-Bombs 


America’s got it —| Atomic Stock-Pile |— the effective deterrent 


specially processed to keep you-know-who from getting any ideas! 


Got a Question that 


You get something special when you team up with America. Democracy and Free- Needs an Answer? 


dom to hegin with . . . plus America’s up-to-date [Atomic Stock-Pile] to back it up. 


After all, if you haven’t got deterrent strength ... you’ll miss the whole idea Find it Fast 
of being an independent nation. Mainly, you-know-who may decide to include you In The 


in its satellite program. America has that strength with [Atomic Stock-Pile]... Constitution Pages 


powerful energy specially designed and specially processed to insure freedom any- 
where in the world. Try America! of the U.S. 


AMERICA'S ARMED GOOD 
all Your Nearest 


LIKE A FREE NATION SHOULD American Embassy Today! 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Eee 


Acuow vorsebu0lsg JINVILSISSW ey!) ÉLIYJON $,94944 


sl 
~aayur ystur 
pjina U U C 
-ut rm par 
O1 apa 


UHOD-RUW aisn] xa 
131] SJOISM 
UJJJOMS syuuys Apyoinb 
34 V suU ay 
aid Isoa 


uy A ast 
smomoad 


ALAIN 


iur uvaoad-iqje 
12) AJM ai IIA 
Yay ĠIJADISIP kem 
XI MI SE JINVLSISSV 


quo ojur $ 
-uouo 


Sanssare phyuied sat yra Uonsaiuon 
JEM POD wos pr 
À -AIEJJUOJX Jeueneurazuy JUL yno 


BUIYLOM 'Aauow uoisaBuo:eg JINVILSISSV 


(UOJJIBJUT JSIUNUWULUOD $ 


sosne2 12213149) 
NIV4G SdTIH 


yaay 
o34073A30830NN 


vauy ju 


NO'1VIN4OAHJAO 


NOILS39NO9 NOILVINdOd 
GNV SIHISIN UVM 07109 


10 /9//94 107 uejd AEM-9 Âjeuorjnjo18y 


‘mo payxyoouYy 43997 Mos SUN 
7798 woa; NOA daay pnoo om 
‘Auen Wawy UJIM uL 
-je ue Ax} ‘AUIUS pur ugao 
aouspusdapul uoM-ATMau INOÂ 
Suidaay qnoqe Suryuryg) ae 
nod jl Og 'SDIUOJOD Aue JABU 
you saop QAM Jamod pjo 


M Burpeay ATUO 


ay} ste 


«¢jSQLUOTOD OU — PIIO AA s 


U 


y pny 


H #3 yopeutS 


ouaury ‘SIA 


1 bs 


í OM) YL ap OL 


jo so 


gNOILVN 


yuno 3 


Ganna 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART | 


When Fidel (the man with the sword) ordered Antonio Prohias (the 
man with the pen) arrested for his anti-Castro cartoons, the Cuban 
artist fled to the U.S., where he now graces MAD’s pages with... 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MORNING BECOMES ELECTRIC DEPT. 


For some time, Television Networks have planned schedules 
so that programs appeal to audiences available throughout 
the day. For example, there are “Early Morning News and 
Weather Shows” for the commuter leaving for work, “Late 


Morning Kiddie Shows” to keep the pre-school youngster 
occupied while Mama gets to the housework, “Afternoon 
Soap Operas” to keep Mama occupied while the pre-school 
youngster finishes up the housework, “Evening News and 


TELEVISION 


“MCS 1520018 JUL MON,, ) INUDADY JDUJJJUJ JO 10/38/07 


sn-0"n ol 


1861 vaswoy 404 


it's midnight in Alcatraz, 3 
and 2 AM here in Chicago! 1 1 
Time”, and this is your friendly fink, Big 
Mike M e o hours of 
her, and music 
lice bulletins. 


And now for the 


underworld news 


plus the lates 


ws! The Shriners are holding 
their annual convention at the Sturdley-Hilton 
Starting tomorrow! Most of the members have 
already checked in, so it ought tO be easy 
pickings for you jewelry boys! House Detective 
ma Lewis Eskin will close his eyes fur 15% of the 
take. Just tell him Big Mike sent you! 


..» AIMED AT LATE, 


ARTIST: WALLACE WOOD 


Here's the weather outlook! A cold front is 
moving down out of Detroit, along with three 
payroll shipments in armored cars, and should 
reach here by 5 AM, So if you re planning the 
heist, better dig out that old windbreaker! 


FOR LATE-STUDYING STUDENTS... 


-— 


The makers of ''Quik-Kram Undetectable Crib 
Sheets” present the award-winning late-night 
campus program, “Meet The Prof''. Tonight 
Í Protessor C. B. Sfortz will face our panel of 
experts, and answer questions about his exam 
in Political Science |, to be given tomorrow 
morning in Room 303, Finster Hall 


course seven times 


Biff Smeed 


Our panel tonight includes Biff Smeed, varsity 
fullback, who has taken Professor Sfortz's 
. Cynthia Vavoom, campus 
beauty queen, who has ruined the careers of 
nine full professors and one department head, 
and Chester Rifkin, author of the best-seller, 
"How To Flunk Without You Even Half-Try" 


And now, let's start the questioning with 


In the usual way! My ques. 
tions are based on material 
which was never assigned or 

discussed in class, and 
cannot be found in the text 
book. In this way, there 
can be no chance of any 
student altaining a passing 
grade through normal study! 


Tell me, Prof 
how do yuh go 
about choosin' de 
questions vou ast 

on yer exams? 


Weather Shows” for the commuter arriving home from work, the subject of this article. There are lots of people who 
and an assortment of “Crime and Western Violence Shows” might appreciate seeing TV shows in the wee hours — say, 
for the familf's loving “togetherness” time. But when the 2 to 6 AM. Yep, the networks are missing large audiences 
fumily goes to bed, TV goes to bed. Which brings us to by not staying on the air all night long, und presenting 


PROGRAMS 


LATE, LATE AUDIENCES 


WRITER: FRANK JACOBS 


For d MASS. 1961 ° 
ihe MDCXII 
Historian tH Port 


Burglars! Are you heisting more now, but The time is now 3:07 — just 23 minutes before 
enjoying it less? If so, why not take your nightwatchman Charlie Zorch, at Barney's 
next haul to Friendly Felix, the “Fence Diamond Outlet, takes off for his coffee break! 
with a Heart as Big as Fort Knox”! Whether And here's a flash just handed me... the 
it's watches, rings, jewelry, Or furs, candy store at 12th and Main will be a snap 
Friendly Felix gives you instant cash for tonight! Patrolman O'Malley is cross-town, 
your stash! Remember Friendly Felix's motto: raiding Overdue Library Book Burrowers. Su 
“No matter how hot, | buy what you got!" if any uf you young viewers want to start 
TE> a= following in your old man’s footsteps 
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE! 


And now for the human side of the news! Tonight, 
Art and Selma Gibney celebrated their fourth 
anniversary, One more — and they'll be out! 


We'll be right back with our special guest, 
“Shades” Tortoni, author of the best-selling 
biography, ‘Mother Was A Scofflaw’'! But first, 
a special message to the boys breaking in 
down at the Acme Warehouse, which is mainly: 


CHEEZAT, THE COPS! 


I've been It is well-known among scholars Does this Let me amplify my previous comment 
wondering, that bribery has ployed an im mean you by stating categorically that any 
Professor, portant role in many phases of can be denomination of U.S. currency, 
can you be Political Science, and | believe bought, discreetly placed in an examina 

bribed? that certain advantages may be Professor? | | tion booklet. will receive most 

gained by students attempting a prompt attention! 
practical application at this time! 


One final question, At this point, | can think 
Professor! Out of of only one student who, on 
your class of 57 the basis of diligent study 
Students, how many and persistant endeavor, is 
do you expect to assured of a passing gradel 
pass? However, son or no son — 

he'll take the exam just 

like everyone else! 


À 
TIR . 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Hi, there Firefighters! it's 4 AM, and time for 
another session of “Find The Fire"! Right now, 
while f'm talking, our producer is starting a 
fire somewhere in New York City! The first fire 
man to phone in the correct location of that fire 
wins $1000 for every man in his station house! 


FOR FIREMEN... 


Remember! You do not have to put out the fire to 
win the prize! Last night, fireman Stan Freebish 
correctly identified the Empire State Building 
as the location of our contest blaze. and then 
proceeded to put it out, This wasn't necessary! 


Here is tonight's first clue! The fire has been 
Started on the 20th floor of a building between 
40th and 50th Streets — and the first call is 


coming in right now! Hello! — it's from Station 
House No. 16! — No, Chief! Our fire is not at 
the United Nations! Somebody else must have 


Started (hat one! Thanks, anyway! 


Hi, there, Alkies! Time to lay down them broken 

beer bottles, take a break in that drunken brawl, 

and soak up another 60-minute “shot” of your 
favorite after-hours Television show 


“RUMMY'S REQUEST"! 


Choicer than Calvert's 
Are you: 
Drier than Gilbey's 
Are you; 
You make me glow 
Like a lifth of Old Crow 
The whole night through 


Smoother than Schenley's 
Are you; 
Richer than Seagram's 
Are you; 
You treat me nice 
Like a Carstairs on ice 
Or a Scotch — or two! 


Our first number is dedicated to Izzy, Moe, 
Floyd, Shifty and the rest of the gang now 

| being arrested for disorderly conduct down 

at Eddie's Tavern! Here's Maxine, Laverne 
and Patty Lush — to sing that ever popular 
favorite; “Smoother Than Scheniev s'l 


FOR NEW PARENTS u , . 


Hello there, all you voluntéers for that 4 AM ha 
feeding! Welcome to the "New Baby In The House BB 
Dance Party"! And now, while snookum's widdie IB 
bottie is heating up, we're going to comfort him And here we go! 
by walking him to a Merengue — and here we go! $ with them to the studio! Are you ready? — Pat nat. cha.cha-chal 
B : F = And-a... Gulp-two.three Pat... pat...cha-cha-cha! 
Gulp-two-three . 


Fine! Now suppose you Daddies and Mummies out 
there sit this next one out and feed your li'l 
darlins, while you watch the folks here do a 

Waltz as they feed the babies they've brought 


Okay, folks! Pick up that little sweetheart, | 
and rest him on your shoulder because | 


it's time for the Burping Cha-Cha-Cha! 


Inc. 


Here is the second clue! The fire is in a room 
which contains a lot of wires and (koff) cables! 
And here's our second call! Hello! — It's from 
Station House No, 44 — No, I'm sorry, the fire 
is not in the main office of the Phone Company! 


Thanks, giris! You can go back to your flasks 
now, while | announce tonight's birthday greet. 
ings. Our congratulations this AM go to Charlie 

Three-Fingers' McGraw, celebrating his 38th 
birthday. We understand that all his pals down 
at Harry's Bar have chipped in and bought him 

a surprise birthday gift: a new liver! 


= 


Mie 
It's 2 AM, and time to put Gown your mop, sit 
on your pail, and enjoy the office building 
cleaning lady's favorite show, .. “Gossiping 
With Gussie"! And here she is... the dirt- 
collector's dirt-collector...Gussie Froom! 


ANING LADIES... 


Here (koff) is our third clue! The fire is 
raging in a soundproof room containing several 
(choke) television cameras! And another call is 

coming in — From Station House No. 61 — 


OWN STUDIOS?? 


aa] 


— wa R 
r} Sman 


Remember, gang — time is running out on this week's 
special offer! Just two days left to send in a sample 
of your blood together with the labels from any five 

brands of gin! if the alcoholic content registers 
more than 65%, we'll send you this beautiful Martini 
mixer, plus an autographed copy of Dean Martin's 
liquor store bill, suitable for framing! 


pr 


WE 


Hello, dearies — and here ts my first exclusive! 
Emma +rowzle, of the Venetian Blind Crew at 
Veeblefetzer industries, found $6000 in the 
Assistant Treasurer's desk drawer this evening! 
Better you than he, Emma! Congratulations! 


r> i} 5 
AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


What? You say the (gesp) fire is in our (kafi) pe fi 
D 


Well, you're (choke-qaqg) absolutely right! And 
you win the (kaff-koff) big prize! 
2 War ki 
That’s all for tonight, Firefighters! See you 
again tomorrow night (gakkk) — when we'll have 
a (kofl-choke) new contest fire at a new 
location, and producer! 


And now, for our next number — requested by Brenda 
Rafferty, who just broke her own crying jag record 
at the Staggeron Inn — here's Louis Burpp to sing 

that all-time favorite, “Your Eyes Said 90-Proof, 
Dear, But Your Heart Was Three-Point-Two''l 


tion 


S 


A 


T 


Flash! it's an electric floor wèxe. for the Harry 
Snavelevs, He's night elevator man at Flicker 
and Waxwing — She's Miss Wet Mop of 19571 


Memo to floor scrubber, V.G.! Your best friends 
won't tell you, but your pail is leaking! 
ot 
And here's a tip to dry-mopper, B. L.1 If you want 
to save your marriage, stay out of that fifth- 
floor broom closet with you-know-who . 


THEY ALSO SURF a 
WHO ONLY SAND AND WADE DEPT. € 
Every summer, millions of Americans JÙ / 
escape the heat by crowding onto the 
nation’s beaches. Well, the heat’s 
on again! Because, be it lake shore 
or sea shore, you can be darn shore 
there'll be idiotic behavior like 
the following episodes, comprising 


Wow! Take a gander 
at that redhead! 


Nu, thanks! | don't need it! l'en 
the type that never burns! 
| just tan naturally! 


A beach is the place 
Where all shapes and sizes 
Lack girdles and padding 
To make their disguises! 


$ y 
TA 


LAT a 


Bad Copyright © 2006 by E.C. acs fy Inc SEC # 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


opvright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


For 
Classified ad writers for the daily newspapers seem to go off into a 
world all their own when it comes to using abbreviations in their copy. 
In most cases, they carry this business of abbreviating so far that 
the reader has his hands full trying to figure out what in heck the ad 
means. To assist in this arduous task, the Editors now present... 


A MAD GUIDE TO CLASSIFIED 


Houses For Sale ATTR. CON. BUNG.— 
ATTR. CON, BUNG., 2 bor, Lr. Atrocious Construction Bungle 
frm.dn.r., 2-er.garatt., fAbsmt, 
f.p. $19,000. Lo.dn., FHA Mort., 2 b.r.— 
2147 E. Klodd. 


2 broken rainspouts 

Le 

leaky roof 

frm. dn, r.— 

farmyard drains into rear 
2 car. gar. att.— 

2 carloads of garbage in attic 
fl. bsmt.— 

flooded basement 

f. p. $#19,000— 
fantastic profit at $19,000 
lo. dn.— 

low down neighborhood 
FHA Mort.— 

Faces Harold's Mortuary 


For © CALIF. 1961 $ 
ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE WRITER: TOM KOCH the UH-1-UH-2 
Band Leader The Golden state’ 


Used Cars 


2 -T Sdn.— 
"56 HUDSON H-T Sdn., 2-tn.rd.& H-T Sdn 


crm., r.&h., w/w, auto. trans, Here's trouble for some dunce 
jSto, bod.per., lwamlg., 
$258 Wi-2-5699 se 2-tn.rd&crm.— 
2 tons of rusted and corroded metal 
r.&h.— 


rattles and heaves 


La W/W— 
Se HONEST ENL jp 
- © Fame miżera ina MAE RTE wheels wobble 
LT re i 
Te SR auto.trans.— 
auto transportable, but not under 
its own power 
pw.st.— 
probably was stolen 
bod. per. 
body perforated with bullet holes 


Iw.mlg.— 
law men looking for it 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Help Wanted—Male 
er 
CPA, hd.bkp., exp. Fd. Inc. Tx,, 
M.S.pref., yg.&amb., fi/pt time, 
st.nec.Sal,, Wimbogger Corp 
259 Main St, PQ-2-3456 


CPA— 

Corrupt Price Adjustor 

hd.bkp.- 

to head off bankruptcy 

exp.Fd.Inc.Tx.— 

expert at Faking due Income Taxes 

M.S.pref.— 

Man from Sing-Sing preferred 

yg.&amb.— 

Yugoslavian and ambidextrous 

fi/pt time— 

looking for a fool to putter away 
time 

st.nec.Sal.— 

start by necking with Sally, who will 
be your secretary 


Lost and Found 


LOST, pt. Fr. Poodle, 6 mo. 
baw. ml, vie, Hollow Hills, 
lib.rew., RE-3-2598 


pt. Fr. Poodle— 

pretty Fierce Poodle 

6 mo.— 

6 razor-sharp molars 

b.&w.— 

belligerent & wild 

ml.— 

bites mailmen 

vic. 

vicious 

lib.rew.— 

liberal reweaving of trouser seat 
necessary if he gets behind you 


Rooms For Rent 


2ND FL., niefurn., win fac.st., 
Hwd.bd, w/w crp., drps., 


3 hug.clos., ideal fr. Sngl. man, 
fr.prk., 37 Skid Row East 


Second-Rate Flop House 

nic.furn.— 

nicked furniture 

win.fac.st.— 

wind carries factory stench 

Hwd.bd.— 

sleep on a Hardwood board 

w/w crp.— 

washed weekly with cockroach 
powder 

drps.— 

ceiling drips when it rains 

3 hug. clos.— 

3 Hungarian clods live next door 

ideal fr. Sngl. man— 

ideal for Senegalese maniac 

fr. prk.— 

free parkas provided, since building 
is unheated 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ON-THE-JOB CRANING DEPT, Nowadays, what with the intense competition among jet air lines and steamship 
— companies, more and more everyday Americans are finding they can readily afford 

ARTIST: JACK RICKARD vacations abroad. And yet, most of them just aren't going! Perhaps this is be- 
WRITER: DON REILLY cause Americans are so absorbed in seeking professional success that the cul- 


MADS CUSTOM CAREER- D 


LONDON 


Savor the irresistible charm of Britain's historic capital, 
a city with a reverence for the past. See all che chrilling 
attractions offered in the basements of the Tower of London, 
the Houses of Parliament, and ancient castles and estates. 
Visit drainpipes on the Thames, water closets in Piccadilly, 
elbow joints in Soho, the fashionable plumbing supply shops 
in Regene Strect, and ocher underground points of interest. 


* + 
aay ee. 


jure 
=x 
xy & 
eee ree VET ZI 


eo. 


l 


ALS 


LONDON — “An Old-World city | fi 


with a reverence for the past” 

. = LS Cr 
Sir Fragginghem-Bart Boggs, 
Royal Plumber by appointment 
— meet and tolk shop with him! 


See ancient castles and forts! 


AS 


ia 
va 


i minis? 
lia COR ie 


If the pressure of your work (or lack of it) has 
you down, leave cares and worries behind and fly 
away with us on a fun-filled, whirlwind tour of 
Europe. You'll see a side of the Old World that 
few have known (or really bothered to discover)! 
You will gain a rare historical appreciation of 
your chosen profession by visiting the wonders” 
of subterranean Europe. Your guides will all be 
outstanding members of the Continent's plumb- 
ing fraternity, eager to regale you with anec- 
dotes and legends of sanitation heritages of the 
past. Here are highlights of our specially designed 


24 PLUMBER'S PLEASURE-PILGRIMAGE THROUGH EUROPE 


Photograph interesting vistas! 


ee 


AS : APR 
Wet 
if RE NE 


ee re 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


tural treasures and romantic traditions and history of the Old World hold no 

real attraction for them. If this be the case, then the air lines, steamship For 
companies and travel agencies might do well to follow our suggestion for in- ras SI 
spiring these incurably career-minded people to travel overseas by instituting 


ESIGN IED EUROPEAN TOURS 


There are no words which can 
adequately describe the pure 
delights thar await you in 
gay, glamorous, incoxicaung, 
abandoned Paree! Here, we'll 
see the Tomb of the Unknown 


S A 


As all roads do eventually, ours also 
leads to the “Eternal City”—with its 
fabled fountains that bring good luck 
if you throw coins into them. Here, 
you'll meet the people who have kept 
this ancient legend alive, and who've 
received all of the good luck—mainly 
the men who clean our them fountains! 


Plumber, visit the basement 
of the world-famous Louvre 
Muscum, examine the unique 
open-air plumbing system on 
the Eiffel Tower, tour the 
Sewers of Paris, and see the 
sumptuous Rest Rooms at the 
famed Palace of Versailles. 


VENICE 


This ancient city is surely a 
“Plumber's Paradise” because 
every cellar is flooded. One 
of the trulv inspiring sights 
is the famous unique Venetian 
garbage-disposal system which 
has worked so efficiently for 
centuries. See ir in action! 


See the magnificent EIFFEL 
TOWER’S open-air plumbing! 


VIENNA 


You will thrill to the exhilarating 
strains of wonderful Viennese music, 
as our rour takes us under the cafes, 
theatres, and opera houses of this 
exciting “City of Culture”. Situated 
on the banks of the majestic Danube 
~ River, where it empties its sewers, 
= Vienna is a city you won't’ forget! 


All in all, our 
PLUMBER’S PLEASURE- 
PILGRIMAGE THROUGH 
EUROPE 
is an exciting, educa- 
tional, and unforget- 
table experience which 

l vou'll treasure forever 
as you arrive back at 
your port of departure — 
exhausted, but happy — 
and smelling likea _. _ z 
dead horse! IR 


Visit the Louvre Art Museum! 


> 
 kaetees 


RE 


SE ee 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAD'S CAREER-DESIGNED TOUR #31 


You'll get a bang out of escaping from the sordid daily 
grind for a leisurely stakeout in Europe. Just lean on 
those bookies a little harder for extra pay-off dough, 
and fly off for a visit to the Old World’s hotbeds of 
crime. Relax and watch che foreign fuzz sweat, Enjoy 


THE GOP'S TOUR OF DELIGHTFUL EUROPEAN CRIME AREAS 


MAD'S CAREER-DESIGNED TOUR +42 


Join the “big sweep” to Europe! Brush away your cares, 
and let us whisk you off on a gala tour across a dusty 
and dirty Old World. See grimy London, littered Paris, 
the Colosseum of Rome where the most heroic janitors of 
all time used to clean up after a long day of sickening 
carnage, You'll take a shine to custodian traditions of 
the past, and come back with a little more polish — on 


THE JANITOR'S JAUNT ACROSS A DUSTY AND DIRTY EUROPE 


LONDON 
Prowl the dark alleys of Limehouse, the traditional lair of 


| thugs, murderers, and pirates. See the pickpockets at work 


—- 


in Trafalgar Square, Watch the shop-lifters plv their trade 
in smart Bond Street Shops. See muggings in Hyde Park, and, 
if you're lucky, a harchet murder in Blackpool (in season)! 


Trafalgar Square pickpockets Muggings in famous Hyde Park 


London 


Here in this charming city, steeped in the old traditions of 
fighting filth (and losing), you will feast your cyes on many 
sights that will stir your custodial imagination (and sicken 
your janitorial stomach), One pleasant highlight is rhe vast, 
superbly-cquipped broom closet of Westminster Abbey with its 
gold mop —used to slosh the aisles before each Coronation. 


Wallow in picturesque, but unsanitary old buildings of this 
historic city. Spend gay evenings in tourist restaurants and 
night clubs, guessing when the kitchens were cleaned up last. 
See horel lobbies with centuries of soot imbedded in the rugs. 
Examine layers of dust on the picture frames in the Louvre. 
One memorable RR will be the famous Sorbonne University. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


PARIS 


Like all great cities, Paris has a colorful history of crime 
(carried on today by Parisian Fashion Designers and owners 
of tourist restaurants)! You will spend your first glorious 
evening there helping gendarmes drag for bodies in the Seine, 
and observing the interrogation methods of suave Inspecteurs. 


Observe the interrogations 
of suave Police Inspecteurs. 
| at a" ea 
$ 


Spend a gay evening dragging 
the Seine River for bodies. 


Vienna 


Europe's biggest and grandest social event is the famous and 
lavish Hassenpfefferfest Ball, held annually in Vienna. Our 
party will arrive just as the ball is over, so we can watch a 
hand-picked task-force of International Grand Prix Medalist 
janitors (the finest in all Europe) clean up the whole mess. 


Florence 


See an international problem solved successfully by Guiseppe 
Ponzo, the famous janitor of the Academy of Arc in this city 
of cultural treasures, as he demonstrates his starue-dusier, an 


invention hailed by museum maintenance men the world over. 


THE FRENCH 
RIVIERA 


Playground of the rich, and 
home base for international 
jewel thieves. See them leap 
over rooftops and disappear 
in the night with the booty. 
Spot crooked roulette wheels 
at Monte Carlo. See girls on 
the beach wear bikinis you'd 
arrest them in back at home. 


ITALY 
See handsome Latin fortune- 
hunters preying on gullible 
American heiresses in Venice. 
Hear Venetian cops scream— 
“Follow that gondola!” See 
dope-smuggling first hand in 
Naples. Visit with deported 
Al Capone alumni. Take the 
optional side-trip to the 
home of the Mafia in Sicily. 


5 ENGLAND 
ec London's 
its historic hres Morgus, 


See gay Paree, with its high 
e Seine, 


ITALY 


rad re Catacombs of Ro 
eautiful and rofi 

af distracting ae nl hell 

adds up to a brisk touri 


—— ——_— 27 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. — —l 


TASAL AL 


BRAND X MARKS THE SPOT DEPT, 
Successful TV “script writers” have long known that the best way to 
hold an audience's attention is to create suspense. But, somehow, 
TV ‘‘commercial-writers’’ have never learned this trick. They keep on 


TV COMMERCIALS | 


THE WATCH COMMERCIAL ARTIST: BOB CLARKE 


This is John Cameron Crayzee—with another suspense 
filled commercial for Dimex! To discover whether the 
Dimex watch can really take punishment, we've placed 
it atop this high-voltage conductor. At my signal, Dr 
Gottlieb Flang, of the Dimex Laboratories, will pull a 
Switch that will send 300,000 voits of electricity 
through the watch! All right, Dr. Flang—go ahead— 


Dr. Flang is removing the watch and Not one syllable No, friends! We're not going to tell you whether Not even by a nod of my 

is bringing it to me. Now, don't am | uttering! the Dimex watch can withstand a 300,000 volt head am | indicating 
tell us whether or not the watch is Even my facial charge of clectricity and keep running! You'll whether it is still 
running, Doctor! That will be our expression is have to live without knowing until you conduct ticking! The secret is 

little secret! not giving away! this experiment yourself. Dimex watches are now safe with me! 
Tee-hee! available everywhere at prices ranging from 
$9.95! 300,000 volt generators can be yours for 
as little as $500,000! Get both today! 


C. Publications, Inc. 


writing the same old dull, boring copy and dialogue — which leaves 


nothing to the imagination. MAD now envisions what the future will 
be like when Television Ad Agencies wise up, and begin presenting... Shakespearean Actor 


WITH 


For © 
the 


VERMONT ‘61 . 


WRITER: TOM KOCH THE SHAVER ‘COMMERCIAL 


We're here at Grand Central Station to conduct another 
of our Sunscream Shavemaster suspense tests. And this 
gentleman here has agreed to take part. Tell me, sir, 


how long ago did you shave? 


Lemme see! Lemme see, quick! 
Show me how many whiskers 
from my hidden beard you're 
getting out of the Sunscream 
Shavemaster! Have a heart! 


Sorry. Pal—but | can't 
show you! This is a 
suspense commercial, and 
you'll just have to live 
with the suspense! 


As soon as my wife finally Right now, the Sunscream 
finished rinsing out ner Shavemaster is getting at 
nylons in the bathroom, that hidden beard which 

whenever that was! your ordinary shaver 


would have missed! 


Folks —aren't you dying to know how well the Sunscream 
Shavemaster gets at your hidden beard? Well, you're 
going to have to live in suspenseful agony, too... 
until you buy your own Sunscream—and conduct this 
simple test for yourself! 


I'm all agog to find out how 
many whiskers the Sunscream 
Shavemaster collects. | can 
hardly wait till you open it! 


| won't sleep 8 wink 
until | find out! You 
gotta show me! ! think 
| may crack up! 


poe “WHAT-IN-HECK-IS- iT COMMERCIAL 
es A / MIDE 


f keeping with our new policy of creating Well, | couldn't see what It was, r Yes, friends, and that's 
Suspense, we're now putting out our useful of course—but | found that it's 
les in unmarked boxes. This gentleman instant flaking action brought 
has just finished testing whatever-it-is, faster relief! And, in addition, 
and | wonder if you'd tell us what you've it made all my dainty washables 
discovered, sir? whiter than white! 


Well, as! say, to keep the suspense, | 
wasn't allowed to see the product—but it 
sure felt like it was writing on butter! 
And, | might add, its penctrating action 
brought up to 12 hours of blessed relief! 


only part of the story! 
What about its ability 
to write on butter, sir? 


- mi d ZI x: TA EA Be Schell pe L Seed > me ec eee eS GT =: 


And to heighten the suspense about our wonderful EU Itcertainivis ii Once again, the genuine | mother-of- -pearlhandie M Not a peep out of it! =] 
R'4 product, we've asked another volunteer—a house. 77 a useful product! MA has been wound up, bringing the patented spring BI i've never lived with 
wife from our studio audience-tocome up and | 4 | just wish | ke action into play. And now, tell me, Madam, do such suspense! 
help us with our demonstration, Just go ahead = =) knew what it was! : À you hear anything coming from inside the device? . 


and crank it up, Ma'am... 


aay 


Itcured my unsightly blemishes, l can't tell you what kind of a store to rush down B Believe me, l’é buy 


Yes, friends . . . the same result — 
in test after test! Aren't you and helped me lose weight without to, because that would be a hint as to what the two—if | knew what 
convinced that no home should be going on a starvation diet! I'd product is, folks! But you can end this unbearable $ they both were! 


without this amazing—er, thing? Suspense by shopping around and finding it for 
yourself! Just look for the beautiful blue, un- 


marked box—with the mother-of-pearl handle! 


give anything to know what it is! 


BUY ONE TODAY! 


LAID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE WRITER: LARRY SIEGEL 
INSIDE JOKE DEPT. 


Ever notice how Doctors try to impress patients by leaving medical 
journals around their waiting rooms? MAD feels they should forget 
their “hypocritic” oath, and leave honest publications around, like 


MEDICA 


ILLUSTRATED 


“A Publication By and For The Medical Profession" 


WHEN IN DOUBT — CUT! 


24 Exciting Color Photos 

of Dr. Wolfgang Kreplock 

Removing the Pancreas of 
A Poison Ivy Victim 


THE ART OF PRESCRIBING 
$25.00-AN-OUNCE DRUGS 


Invaluable Advice from a 
Physician with a Brother 
in the 
Pharmaceutical Business 


| COULD HAVE GONE 
EVEN FURTHER WITH A 
COLLEGE EDUCATION 


The Frank Revelations 
ofa 
Successful Surgeon 


DISCOURAGING PATIENTS 
WHO INSIST ON 
PAYING BY CHECK 
10 Easy Steps lu Collecting 
Your Fees in that Good Ol 
Untraceable Tax-Free Cash 


LET'S PRESERVE 
THOSE WONDERFUL 
RELIGIOUS QUOTAS 


A Heart-Warming Message 
of Encouragement from 
the AMA to the Deans 
of our Medical Schools 


r —Z—— — 
-— — -= = 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Be The 
First 
Deeter 


If any of you doctor-readers have questions about your profession you'd like 
answered, contact Dr. Crepps, care of this magazine. There will be a $5 
charge for all questions brought to Dr. Grepps’ office. However, if you'd 
like Dr. Grepps to visit your home to pick up your question, his fee is $10 


Avoid 
Mariage! 


Everyone knows that a doctor is the most desirable 
husband prospect for ALL women, How, then, can you 
bachelor-doctors avoid marriage, and keep al! that 
easy-earned loot you rake in for yourself? Easy! 


JOIN THE CONFIDENTIAL MARRIAGE AVOIDANCE BUREAU 


We are in business to help you. For years, we have 
interviewed thousands of marriage minded women, We 
have in our files all the important data on these 
females, including their interests, likes and dis- 
likes, and the type of doctors they would most like 
to marry. If you join our bureau, we will not give 


YOUR NAME AND PHONE NUMBER TO ANY OF THEM! 


STAY LONELY! 


DODGE THAT ONE-AND-ONLY! 
JOIN 


THE CONFIDENTIAL 
MARRIAGE - AVOIDANCE 
BUREAU 


Write today, % Box 12, Philadelphia, Pa.—or else! 


Stuck for that Right 
“DOCTOR’S CLICHE” 
at the Right Time? 


Too often, a doctor kicks 


himself after leaving a 


GOOBER’S 
DOCTOR 


patient's home. “Darn it!” 
he says to himself, “If 
only | could have thought 
of this cliché when 1 was 


CLICHE 
Dictionary 


in there talking fo my 
patient, instead of out 
here in the street!” You 
needn't worry about such 
annoyances any more 


not if you have a copy of 


With a copy of GOOBER'S in your bag at 
all times, you can make the following 
(along with thousands of other clichés) 


à permanent part uf your vocabulary 


e ''l believe we caught it in time!” 
e “That'll be $15.00, please!” 
e “Now breathe through your mouth!” 
e “That'll be $75.00, please!" 
e “Drink plenty of fruit juices!" 
e “That'll be $50.00, please!" 
s “There's a lot of it going around!” 
e “That'll be everything you have in 
the bank, and all your property, please!" 


Rush $5,00 for cach copy to 
GOOBERS DOCTOR CLICHE DICTIONARY 
Box 411, Bismarck, N. Dakota 


Q. I don't know what's the matter with 
me lately, I've become awfully sloppy 
and forgetful. After sewing up my pa- 
tients, I always seem to have some silly 
little thing left over A liver, a gall blad- 
der, a navel, things like that. This absent- 
mindedness on my part is very embar- 
rassing to me, What should I do? 

A. Lovelace, M.D. 

Tacoma, Wash, 


A. Use care and discretion. After each oper- 
ation, have another physician or nurse 
double-check you. Then, if you still find 
yourself having things left over after oper- 
ations, you owe it to yourself ond to hu- 
monity to give up your career, and start 
writing authoritative medical articles for 
the Reader's Digest. 


Q. I can’t tell you how much 1 enjoyed 
“Seventy-Five Obnoxious Ways to Har- 
ass The Police With Your MD License 
Plates” by Dr. Norbett Noodnik in your 
August issue, His tips to other doctors on 
the art of parking in Restricted Zones, on 
sidewalks, and on Safety Islands while 
pretending to be on calls but actually 
attending poker sessions or going bowling 
were simply marvelous. What ever hap- 
pened to Dr, Noodnik? 

R. S. Bladder, M.D. 


Lincoln, Neb. 


À. Last week, Dr. Noodnik paid a house call 
to a patient across the street from his office, 
and he was arrested for jay-walking. 


Q. I am planning to take a two week 
vacation very shortly. Can you give mc 
the names of some substitutes whom I 
can have cover for me and sce my pa- 
tients until I get back? Naturally, I 
wouldn't want these substitutes to be too 
good, since I'd hate to lose all my pa- 
tients to them permanently and have no 
practice to come home to. 

B. T. Salivate, M.D. 

Madison, Wise, 


À. General Practitioners in your area usually 
rely upon the following three men to handle 
their practices when they are on vacation: 
Dr. Benjamin Oliver, % Oliver's Clinic for 
Parakeets; Mr. Hirom Blecher, % Blecher's 
Butcher Shop; and Mr. William “Shaky” 
Huntz, % Chapter 23 of Alcoholics Anony- 
mous (if not there, try Barnev's Bar and 
Grill). 


Q. I am a young lady who reads your 
magazine occasionally. All my life, I’ve 
been told that doctors make the most 
desirable husbands. Well, I’ve gone out 
with several doctors, and I’ve found them 


to be so tied up in their profession that 
they know absolutely nothing about the 
world outside it. In reality, they are shal- 
low, dull bores, and many of them can't 
even utter a simple, intelligent, gramatic- 
ally-correct sentence. 

Miss Coral Frost 

New York City 


A. | possibly cannot imagine, of all places, 
where this false impression, you got it from, 
ol. 


Q. I have just opened an office as a 
General Practitioner. Would you kindly 
advise me as to the correct tules to fol- 
low for referring patients to Specialists, 
no matter how minor their ailments are? 
Also, what is a fair kickback to expect 
from the specialist when'I do this? 

A. C. Hacklehead, M.D. 

Atlanta, Ga 


A. Send all patients with complaints from 
the neck up to “Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat” 
Specialists. Refer all patients with ailments 
from the waist to the neck to “Heart Special- 
ists.“ Send all patients with problems from 
the waist to the toes to “Chiropodists. Re- 
fer all patients with ailments in any other 
areas to “Veterinarians.” Regarding your 
second question, a fair kickback fee is 25% 
of the Specialist’s regular fee, or whatever 
else you can wheedle out of him—whichever 
is higher. 


Q. I am a nice, middle-aged lady who 
absolutely adores the ground my doctor 
walks upon. I mean, as far as I'm con- 
cerned, he can do no wrong, He is kind, 
and good, and intelligent. Sometimes, I 
don't believe he’s real, To me, he’s like a 
brilliant, happy sun shining down on a 
dark sick world. I’m planning to write a 
book about him. Can you suggest a title? 
Mrs. P. K, Kimball, 
Portland, Me. 


A. How about “My Doctor, The Sun”? 


Q. What is the all-time record for a 
General Practitioner turning simple 
phone inquiries into expensive visits to 
his office? 

. L. Jukes, M.D, 

oanoke, Va. 
A. In one week during 1958, Dr. Harry 
Gideons, of Passaic, N.J., convinced 71 
people who phoned him to come to his of- 
fice. They included: 28 people with minor 
colds; 18 people with slight headaches; a 
representative from a TV survey asking him 
what program he was watching; his wife, 
whom he only charged half-fee; a kid- 
napper, asking ransom for the doctor's son; 
ond 22 wrong numbers. 


EAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


| Me t Every month, MEDICAL. ILLUSTRATED presents anather citizen wha 
kal EE ia ae. 


mast closely typifies the average American patient, Our patient this 
month is Selwyn Abisch, of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Here ts the day in Mr. 


» Abisch’s life which made him the typical American Patient fur September. 
Selwyn 
k MEDICAL ILLUSTRATED'S 
Abisel “Patient of the Month” 


WAITING ROOM 
Z 


kl 


fel 3 14 7 
Mr. Abisch arrived at the office of Dr. Donald Fleespit at 10:00 At 12:00 Noon, Mr. Abisch was ushered into Small Examination No, 1 
AM for his annual check-up. While thumbing through such typical 


by the nurse, where he was told ta remove all his clothes. Unknown 
doctor's waiting room publications as Liberty, Colliers’ and Poor 


to Abisch, Dr. Fleespit sneaked into Small Examination Room No. 2 
Richard's Almanac, his shoes were stepped on by 12 screaming kids, to avoid him and another patient in Small Examination Room No, 3. 


At 1:00 PM, Abisch was led into Small Examination Room No. 
2 by the same nurse. In the nick of time, Dr. Fleespit a- 
voided Abisch by sneaking back into Small Examination Room 
No. 1. The patient in Small Examination Room No. 3, mean- 
while,was moved up a notch to Small Examination Room No. 4, 


d ~S 

At 2:15 PM, Abisch was ushered into Small Examination Room No. 3. In this room, 
Abisch bumped into a female patient, also completely undressed, who immediately 
fled to Small Examination Room No. 5. Meanwhile, Dr. Fleespit avoided both of 
them, and twelve other patients, by sneaking into Small Examination Room No. 6. 


At 4:30, still undressed and yet to be examined, Abisch was ushered through 
another door. This one led to Large Examination Room No. 7 —also known as 
“The Street". Here, due to overexposure, Ahisch caught double pneumonia 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


At 8:00 PM, Dr. Fleespit paid a house call on Abisch, and picked up twice 
the fee he would have gotten had Abisch been able to trap him into an ex- 
amination in his office. Which is what Dr. Fleespit was angling for all day. 


HEARD THROUGH THE STETHOSCOPE >» 


News and Gossip Along Medicine Avenue 


Doc 
Windish 


Why are Dr. George Floobush and his lovely nurse, Goldic, 
staying after office hours these days, hmmm? They claim 
its to forge X-ray photos for Dr. Floobush’s booming 
phony accident insurance business. But WE know differ- 
ently, don’t we? .. . There wasn’t a dry cye at the Ritz- 
Neuman Hotel last Friday night when the very, very busy 
Dr. Fenwick Zemmst was introduced to his lovely wife, 
Hermione, during their 15th wedding anniversary cele- 
bration. Many, many more happy years of bliss, you two! 


Ħama 


This vears annual $5000 AMA award for the ''Best 
Definition of Socialized Medicine” goes to Dr. Thomas 
Thuggins, of Concord, N. H. Dr. Thuggins’ prize-win- 
ning definition: “Socialized Medicine is when you 
have to charge a patient less than $25 for a one- 
minute office visit.” How true! How true! 


wt IKONA 


Confidential to Dr. F. H.: You’re new in the profession, 
so perhaps you can be excused for the horrible way you 
botched up your bill to Ferdinand Muffty. In the future, 
try to remember that when your patient has Blue Shield, 
you automatically add at least $100 to your regular ex- 
orbitant fee! 


Doctor Ira Ossified, of Los Angeles, Cal. being broken from 
physician to intern by Or. Paul Heaps, officer of the AMA. 
Or, Ossified's waiting room was found to contain a copy of 
the National Geographic which was less than eight years old. 


Send a “Cheer-up Note” to Dr. Gary Skegg, of Salt 
Lake City, Utah. He made less than $35.000 last year! 


e- 2 -2 8 


Dr. and Mrs. Thurston Biffle shopping for drapes at Saks 
Fifth Avenue. (This unimportant news item was inserted 
solely as a favor to Mrs. Biffle, the status-seeking physi- 
cian’s wife, She still can’t get over how the thrilling words 
“Dr. and Mrs.” sound!) ... Dr. Paul Whistfield, of Nash- 
ville, Tenn., will never live down the embarrassing thing 
that happened to him in his office last weck, While being 
paid a surprise visit by his friend, Dr. Kevin Portside, Dr. 
Whistfield was caught red-handed actually trying to 
READ one of the 800 medical books he keeps on display 
to impress his patients. It’s the best laugh the medical 
profession has had in years! 


+ + 4 + 


In commemoration of “Work Hand-In-Hand With 


Your Local Pharmacist Month,” the AMA is sponsor- 
ing a series of closed-circuit TV lectures. Purpose is to 
overcome the dreadful habit too many patients have 
of using up left-over $30-an-ounce drugs from one 
illness, for another illness a few weeks later — instead 
of buying a new batch. Next Tuesday’s lecture will 
be entitled, “Prescribing Expensive Drugs Which 
Must Be Used Up In 24 Hours Or They Lose All Their 
Potency.” 


tee ste Pg, TALE 

Mrs. Herman Hemprope, of Newark, New Jersey, and her marriage- 
hungry daughter, Bernice, returning from a very successful 2- 
week vacation at the Hotel Zilch-Plaza, in Ferndale, New York. 


Fun-loving Dr. Michael Compain is at it again! That 
crazy, waggish nut is convulsing doctors and nurses at 
Westside Maternity Hospital these days with his latest 
antics, Get this: Mike is running through the wards where 
momentarily-expecting mothers are confined, shouting, 
“All right! Somebody get me plenty of cold water and 
dirty shects!” Don’t ever lose that sense of humor, Mike 
... it's worth a million dollars! 


ot & $ 


Because of the business recession, I've just learned 
that the AMA Lobby in Washington will be cut dras- 
tically. Starting this Fall, the Lobby will be operating 
in the nation’s capital with a skeleton force of only 
55,000 men! 


+ * & + 


Four-ycar-old Ronnie Goulart's announcement in this col- 
umn last month that he was planning on entering Medical 
School in 1980 brought only 106,927 marriage proposals 
from mothers of three-year-old girls. Perhaps the recent 
bad weather around the country delayed the rest of the 
mail! ... How about dropping a line to another lonely 
physician fighting for Uncle Sam? I’m referring, of 
course, to Dr. Harry Pepper, of White Plains, N. Y. The 
24-year-old Dr. Pepper typifies the American physician 
who must give up a comfortable and lucrative practice to 
struggle through the ranks of the rugged U.S. Army. Ad- 
dress all mail to: Brig, Gen. Harold Pepper, U.S. Medical 
Corps, Special Assignment, Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, New 
York City. 
* 4 4 + 

Sorry to hear-that Dr. Terrance Mittigan lost his Gen- 
eral Practitioner's license last week for incompetence, 
medical ignorance, sloppy examinations, and inabil- 
ity to write a prescription. Good luck in your new 
career as a “Specialist.” Terry! 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


YOUR PRESCRIPTION HANDWRITING 


—The Key To Your Personality 
BY IDC. M.D. 


Each month, MEDICAL ILLUSTRATED presents three sam- 
ples of handwriting excerpts collected at random from pre 
scriptions filled out by doctors around the cuuntry, with a 
personality analysis of each by the noled physician, hand- 
writing-expert, and stack market player, Doctor Clarence Fink, 


SAMPLE NO, 1 
APM Rn 

As you can see, Dr. Martin Klutts, of Lincoln, Neb., has 
an extremely forceful and precise handwriting. Note the 
bold “‘u’s,” the sturdy “s, and the crisp “p” in the above 
words “cough syrup.” They indicate a strong personality, 
one which would have the courage to charge as much as 
$50.00 for filling out a child’s school check-up form. 
More chickcn-hearted physicians with weaker “h’s” and 
“y's” than those shown in example above, wouldn't dare 
to charge more than $35.00. 


SAMPLE NO. 2 


= 
(AN ZE Os 10: se 
AMEN 
Observe the way Dr. Kenneth Dibbler, of Dover, Del., 
clips and chops his words. Pay particular attention to the 
clear, but abruptly cut word “Aspirin.” Dr. Dibbler un- 
doubtedly loves to slice things, especially human tissue. 
His steady and well-rounded “p” however (above) tells 
me that he is a fine surgeon, I'd wager that at least two 
out of the three patients he operates on for athlete's 
foot survive. 


SAMPLE NO, 3 


cold Mallets 


We had intended to feature a sample of the prescription 
handwriting of Dr. David Pferd, of Dallas, Tex., but un- 
fortunately we were unable to find anything he has writ- 


„ten, except for the above unintelligent, illegible gibberish. 


It is naturally impossible to analyze this kind of scribbling. 
since it makes no sense. I strongly believe the above are 
some scratch lines the doctor made while testing a new 
ball-point pen, 


TEST YOUR 


BEDSIDE MANNER 


As every physician knows, a good bedside manner is one of the most 
important qualities of modern medical practice. To improve yours, 
every issue we present a hypothelical case, Study it carejuliv, 
then decide how you would treat it with good bedside manner, and 
check your answer against the correct procedure indicated below. 


This patient has just fallen off the roof of an 8-story 
building. He was dragged into his bed screaming in pain, 
and suffcring from 114 broken bones, several crushed ribs, 
internal injuries, and several forms of concussion. What 
is the first thing you should do upon entering his room? 

EF 7 il rq 


De” ee 
\ ep rx: | 
ol a ed ġ | 
f k bus gi 
” B Ż bacen sa 
z Ts ET ten : 


Answer: Sit down on a chair next to his bed, take out a 
long sheet of paper, remove vour pen from vour pocket, 
unscrew the cap, and ask him if he has ever had measles, 
mumps, chicken pox, whooping cough, scarlet fever, acne, 
and ninety-eight other irrelevant childhood diseases. 


Fill Your Doctors Bag With Fancy Useless Gadgets 


AND IMPRESS YOUR PATIENTS! 


Let's face it, Docs! Outside of a stetho- 
scope and a few throat sticks, what else 
do you need for a house call? Not very 
much) But you can't visit a patient with 
à practically empty Doctor's Bag! How 
would it 100k? And how much could you 
Charge? Now, you can fill your bag with 
a dazzling array of complicated gadgets 
to impress patients and make them re- 
ceptive to those exorbitant fees—with a 


SMEED 


IMPRESSIVE DOCTOR’S BAG 
FILLER KIT 


IMPRESSIVE FILLER KIT #1 — $45.00 


24 pieces of equipment and apparatus from 
a 2nd-year High School Physics Laboratory 


48 units of surplus radar and bomb sight 
parts from a 1939 Flying Fortress Bomber 


KI 
JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


IMPRESSIVE FILLER KIT 


#3 — $125.00 


72 working models of phony medical test- 
equipment used on TV commercials in 1960 


SMEED 
FILLER 


Box 321 — St. Louis, Mo. 
“Suppliers of useless gadgets for 
doctor bags and advertising agency 
attaché cases for over 100 years” 35 


FUN FOR THE ROAD DEPT, 


Ordinarily, a long summer vacation trip by car — with children - 
JBĦGIQ YDOIS c : 
ayi produces one of two by-products: (1) Complete and utter boredom 
SEs for all concerned . . . and/or (2) A back seat full of screaming, 


1961 MHĦOA M 


8/£ LZ1 131V 


0,,0W15 nowa sus, tad 


Game No. 1 
“LOW BRIDGE” 


Rules 


i lli — 


| 

of car 

2. At cach underpass, make game of guessing whether clearance 

is enough to get through. 

3. If car gets through, hide disappointment by singing Druid 

sé madrigals. | 

NE 4. If luggage gets knocked off and goes splattering down high- 
way, all clap hands and shout “Well, you can’t win ‘em all! 

5. While Daddy tries to retrieve scattered luggage, have Mommy 

à appoint team captain to flag down approaching cars, 

6. Other players run up and down line of waiting ears, encourag- 

ing drivers to blow their horns impatiently at Daddy. 

7. As horn honking reaches crescendo, all make guesses on how 

soon Daddy will begin to cry. 

8. Player making closest guess gets to sign Daddy into Rest 


Home. 
D sr 


== | Have Daddy pile all luggage and other paraphernalia on top 


Game No. 2 


“READ THE SIGNS” 


Se 
Emme LL 


in. 


Rules 
R 2 1. Mommy selects two team captains to read aloud all bill Ix 


board signs on both sides of the highway. 

2. When team captain reads “See living reptiles at Irving's 
Jungle Zoo!”, others clap hands in unison and whine, “We 
wanna stop at Irving's Jungle Zoo!” 

3. When team captain reads “Genuine pralines at Flunky’s — 4 
miles!", others bounce on seat and scream, “We want pralines 
from Flunky’s!” 

4. When team captain reads “Authentic Indian curios at Emile’s 
Teepee just ahead!”, others pound driver's head and shriek, “We 
want authentic Indian curios!” 

5. When team captain reads “Clean rest rooms at Eddie's Esso 


| Station!”, others break into tears and whimper piteously, “We 
want clean rest rooms!” 
6. Object of game is to see how long driver can hold out before 
f: zi 


— 2. 


turning around, going home, and spending balance of vacation 
sitting on front porch. 


M IAS VIA MIA 


= = MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc.| ||| |] 11!!! 


fidgety little monsters. However, thanks to MAD's Recreational 
Council, such no longer need be the case. The miles can easily er 
melt away this summer if you keep the family occupied with... Baseball Plicher 


TRAVEL GAMES 


WRITER: TOM KOCH 


Game No. 3 
“HIKE, DADDY, HIKE” 
Rules 


1, Before trip begins, all scamper to garage and adjust gas gauge 
so it reads half full when tank is empty. 

2. Daddy, chosen to be “it” because he is only one not in on 
secret, runs out of gas on lonely stretch of highway. 

3. As car sputters to a stop, all clap hands three times and shout 
“Surprise”! 

4, Make game of deciding which way Daddy should walk to 
reach nearest filling station. 

5, Player who talks Daddy into walking in wrong direction wins 
right to open box lunch as soon as he leaves. 

6. While enjoying lunch, all make guesses on how long it will 
take Daddy to return 

7. Player with closest guess wins right to tell Daddy he missed 
lunch. 

8. All join in merriment of trying to contain Daddy while he 
has his temper tantrum. 


" TA 


KE, 
a 


Game No. 4 
“BROWNIES AND ELVES” 


Rules 


1. Before trip, Mommy divides children into two teams, the 

“Brownies” and the “Elves”. 

2. Brownies all skip to garage and adjust speedometer so it al- 

ways reads 20 MPH slower than car is actually traveling. 

3. Elves, to gain equal points, must sneak Daddy's driver's license 

ont of his wallet and destroy it 

4. On trip, when patrol ear begins chasing Daddy, both teams 
“gleefully shout that speedometer shows that they are within 

speed limit, 50 cops must he chasing somebody else. 

5. Mommy picks homeliest child to make faces at cops out of 

back window, 

6. When police overtake Daddv, and he cannot produce driver's 

license, all form circle and chant, “Shame on Daddy! Shame on ~ 

Daddy!” 

7. Player adjudged best chanter gets to tell cops that Daddy = 
had a driver's license but it was revoked for speeding. = 

/ 


8. All gather round and wave good-bye to Daddy as he leaves 
for 90 days. 


ee Ne oF 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


19, Vino) IuD9B196 Awsy 
vez-anH aus 
JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART It 9.,8)618 Hg 3UL::0 104 


Here’s another installment of that friendly rivalry between the man in black and 
the man in white, both dedicated to the “cause” . . . of outwitting each other as — 


"We We ` 
7 =S we Hs A, 
meee DOE — A 
EZ 


For ++ Thurber State 


the K. CO, 


Chemist lo onto 1961 e 


38 


CHOP STICKS DEPT. 

Ever since the end of World War II, it has been considered quite stylish for 
Americans to adopt some of the traditions of Oriental culture — such as Judo, 
Zen Bhuddism, Sukiaki, and Horn-Rimmed Glasses. The latest Japanese import 
is a rugged form of physical combat in which the participants employ ancient 
and respected Oriental techniques, like slapping, kicking, biting, eye-gouging 
and + In other words — fighting dirty! This sport is known as 


'KARATE' 


WRITER: JACK MENDELSOHN, AGE 33//, 


Prize Fighter Le iNDIANA 1961 o 


ARTIST: BOB Re 


“TDVCHE! HE! LEE 


TAT a 


TEETH 


pine | 

Lu 
| A jew 
L A FROM COLUMN W 


ANP ONE FROM 
COLUMN 'R' 


The prime ingredient of this sport is a highly- 
developed degree of “kime” or “focus,” in which 
all the body's strength is rhomentarily channeled 
into one isolated area — such as the finger tip. 


BROKEN ; MASHED | 
ARM ? KIDNEY 


ficraċkepi CRUSEED 
JVERIE EBRA} RIB 


$ 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


40 


Despite its violent appearance, the In the cloistered tranquility of Tokyo Students claim this ancient art is an 
true goal of Karate lies in achieving “Dojos,” Karate disciples spend long opportunity to contemplate nature at 
a state of absolute calm and serenity. hours in philosophical discussions. close range — like f'rinstance, stars! 


bar 


Actually, serious students of Karate will rarcly engage in as boards, rocks, and nails, This is partially because they 
physical combat with one another, preferring to test their do not wish to inflict injury on another living being, but 
highly-developed skills on inanimate objects instead, such mainly because boards, rocks, and nails can’t fight back! 


BOARDS ROCKS NAILS 


“| KNOW | CAN DO IT... THEREFORE | CAN DO IT!” By firmly in his mind, the Karate student is capable of per- 
implonting positive, convincing thoughts such as this one forming incredible feats of strength and physical prowess. 


AMN 
/ Kf EN. ġel memo: ef 
Before attempting to split the anvil with Sufficiently confident of capability, 


his bare hand, Karate student prepares 
himself for the feat psychologically. down sharply, splitting anvil in two. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Closer examination of shattered pieces 


Karate student brings edge of his hand reveals WHY Karate student knew that 
he could split anvil in two all along. 


As with many other Oriental rites, the prelude to a Karate the four winds, and taking side bets. Below, we see a part 
exhibition involves traditional rituals, including chants of the elaborate ceremony performed by a student prior to 
and incantations, burning of incense, scattering of salt to driving a nail through a 4-inch plank with his bare foot. 


Karate student first scatters rice on Student then covers the rice with salt, Student then eats the rice with salt, 
ground. This ritual signifies manhood. signifying strength and determination. signifying Karate don't pay very good. 


Student next performs series of low bows to each point of Close study of hands reveals Closer study of hands reveals 
compass. Not only does this ritual symbolize humility, but ancient Oriental expression ancient Occidental expression 
also helps him find any grains of rice he may have missed. of student's inner confidence. —thrown in for good measure 


ESS KA evan 7, C; 


Le W A A 
AMAA H 


IN Ay 


Ar the start of the actual feat, the When the force of the blow drives the When nail turns out to be wrong one, 
student must remember to “kime” all of nail through the mahogany board, the student must remember to take pedicure 
his strength into the point of his toe. student must remember to ignore pain. before he tries next Karate exhibition. 


AR OUNEN ] 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


One of the reasons for the upsurge of interest in Karate is that many practical uses may be found for this ancient 


AT THE BEACH 


You are embarrassed in front of your girl by a bully who With Karate, through the means ot ''kime,' you just direct 
keeps kicking sand in your face, and calling you “skinny.” all of your strength and energy down into your left foot. 


Your car develops a flat tire on a lonely, deserted road, With Karate, by sheer concentration, you will your index 
and to your horror, you find that you have no jack handle, finger into becoming as hard and as rigid as a steel rod. 
pl 


IN THE CITY 


You find yourself in a dark alley, suddenly surrounded by With Karate, you simply channel every ounce of your energy 


a gang of tough, belligerent, black-jacketed delinquents. and strength into the muscles around your mouth and lips — 


ae — fin 
> r ; Ne ji 


X à 


Copyright 


y y A £ 
2006 bv E.C. Publications, In 


art by applying its various facets to everyday situations. 
FPT FA HOW KARATE CAN BE USED AROUND THE HOUSE 


That way, when you kick the chair before gambling a 4 cent 


AN OPENER NO MORE SKILLET 


Which makes it a snap to press the button summoning helpl 
a, BAS EPA PE SRE B 


For ‘Keystone State’ 
the © 742 
Song Writer | PENNA. 194 


— and, as loud as you can, repeat over and over the word — 


= 


\, at 
ARAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART Il 


Don Martin proved Darwin’s theory in reverse, 
‘cause they certainly made a monkey out of him 
when he tried impressing the natives there as 


THE 
GOOD DOCTOR 


4 


4 


RRC SO 


Hal You can’t scare me in 
that phony gorilla suit! 
Turn around!! 


RAC 


AN 


CAPITOL PUNISHMENT DEPT. 

Some of the most exciting and liveliest new 
shows on Television this past season were John 
Kennedy’s Presidential Press Conferences. 
Not only were these programs informative and 
entertaining, but they also out-Trendexed every 
other show on the air at the time! Mainly be- 
cause they were carried by all the networks— 
and nothing else was on! But suppose only one 
TV network agreed to carry this show, and it 
had to compete against other informative and 
entertaining programs like “The Tab Hunter 


Show.” In order to capture that elusive top- bbls Aster 
s ught to you in 
Trendex rating, it would have to develop a ing Dawra: 


popular and acceptable format . . . probably as 
a regular night time television offering. And 
then we'd be seeing something like this . . . 


ARTIST: MORT ORUCKER 


“Erom Washington D.C WRITER: GARY BELKIN 


-THE JACK KENNEDY SHOW 


with tonight's guests: Franklin D. Roosevelt, Jr., 
Bobby Kennedy, Harry Truman and his Democratic 
Orchestra... and yours truly, Ed Murrow... 


Ż i 
ZEA 
« 
iG 
And now...here's Jack..." 


Thank you! Thank you! Before | read my usual opening statement, I'dliketotell you afunny J ljust love the things ye young kids say! That s why! 
And hello out there in thing my little daughter, Caroline, said today. We were having break: Jl have my little brother, Bobby. around! 
‘New Frontierslana''l fast, and | asked Jackie what she thought of my new “Space Program"! — jil i TEE RFA 
\ = and Caroline piped up with ''What channel is it on, Daddy?” so kem 
But now, I'd like to introduce my orchestra leader, 

a great guy, with a great sense of humor... that 
old Missouri mule, with a stubborn streak to match, 
Harry Truman! Harry’s going to open the show with my 
favorite song: ‘How You Gonna Keep ‘Em Down On The 

Farm After ce ve Seen Parity?” 


u l dc a: 0772 


Doesn't Harry play beautifully, We did have a Mystery Relative," Jack, but he Uh, Ed! You've been You know, pal, you could 
Ed? You know, every time I hear didn't show up. Which is just as well, because reading Adlaï's joke easily be replaced by 
that song, | want tocry... he's someone that nobody in the country would R book again! Just who Fulton Lewis, Jr.! Another 
for the farmers! have recognized. As a matter of fact, tonight's was this “Mystery remark like that, Ed, and 

1 ‘Mystery Relative’ would have been harder for Relative” that no Your | won't let you pose for 


this country to recognize than Red Chinal one has ever seen? Father! your picture on that stamp! 


Tell me, is there à “Mystery 
Relative” fur me to identify 
tonight? 


And now, folks, it's time to Hello, there, Momma writes: "Dear Sprinter!” Not really! 
meet a real lovable character, Johnny! | got But the 
that old san of the “Big Cun," a letter She calls me “Sprinter” audience 
and | hope he's not loaded from Momma! because she's always wanted seemed to 
tonight, Frankie Roosevelt, Jr.! me to run for something! like it! 
Get it, Johnny? 


Those are Well, goon... give us 
MY people! more from Mount ADA 


Uncle Tom Dewev''—(Remember him?) Al Let's see. She says, “Now that 'Curlvlocks' '— I'll tell you one thing! She's a lot 
~"‘dropped by the house yesterday (that's you!)—“has appointed all his young funnier than she was last Summer in 
and announced that the Republican friends to the Administration, you'd think he Los Angeles! And that goes for our 
Party will petition Washington might invite me to the White House in some orchestra leader, too! 


for Emergency Federal Aid—as official capacity—say, as ‘Den Mother'!" EE 
a “Depressed Area”! Hmmmmm! ġett Qu th Theme... Harry! 


Heh-heh! Boy, that Momma sure is funny, j 2) Bj. 
ain't she, Johnny ...? w 


watt one 
om IMvITED 
Où THE. 


1 
U SULAN 
Siow? 


Last year, you worked on TV 17) | understand he's hard at 
with some guy named Nixon, A work trying to get a show 
of his own, to replace this 
one in mneteen-sixly-four! 


Well, I've been talking to the 
going to do à Networks, and they've promised 
another , that if | can arrange to get 
elected again, they'll star me 


JACK A po na 
WILL BE MDEA BA 
RIGHT 
BACK! 


By the way, tomorrow is Friday night, so we're going to show 
"The Best of Me”! And next week, we're going to have some 
really special guests! We're going to have some people from 

the Berlitz School of Languages translate our Immigration 
Laws—into English! . . . and that little girl with the French 
accent we all love so dearly—my wife! . .. that great comic 
of stage, screen and the UN— Adlai Stevenson! and maybe. 
if we're lucky, we might get Jack Paar! 


Tell us, Jack... what I'm just like } look 
are you really like? f GA —only handsomer! 


No, seriously Dick isa 
great guy—and if you don't 
believe me, just ask Nelson 

Rockefeller! 


When something like this happens, l— 


By the way, Jack! | think A 
(sniff) get all choked up! I've been— 


Incidentally, folks, Jackie and 


| almost didn't get here tonight — the audience should know u a fe 

MORE because we couldn't find a baby- that you've just been given (snitil-s0 lucky! But, | wan oe to 
sitter. But at the last minute, the "Seal of Approval" by know, it's not me — it's the peop eon 

the Editors of "GOOD my staff who've really won this award 


TO we found a nice, respectable old ea 
WHITEHOUSEKEEPING™! ii 


couple with nothing to do— B 
Of course, l discovered them all! 


COME! the Eisenhowers! 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. MEAN SS 


In fact, I'd like to introduce one of them And | thought you Incidentally, Jack—i don’t want to complain over the Hey, that’s my joke! I had 
now, América knows him as its Attorney called me down here air, but i've been having trouble with the Secretary of it in a letter trom Momma 
General... but | know him like a brother! for a game of Defense! He's been so “bossy” at Cabinet meetings lately last week! 

Ladies and gentiemen—the boy everybody but Touch Football! that people are beginning to call us “MacNamara’s Band”! 

Jimmy Hotta loves—Kobert Kennedy! — aa 


Now, boys—fet’s | l'understand that situation | Not if you can get an 
stop acting like is coming up béforethe | indictment in first! 
New York Democrats! | Security Council tomorrow! | —— 


How come vou don't run for [M When you stop doing 
something instead of just the same thing! 
resting on the laurels of 
a great name in politics? 


Oh, yeah ...? 


in the interest of morale — There must be an 
this show will definitely easier way of 
not be shown to our Armed making a living! 
Forces overseas! Good 
night... and good luck! 
LEE 


When did | lose 
control of the 


——A 3 = A À ‘ 3 
aR AN Wa FE 
at g i vas i Arven TS 


‘LBD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Good grief! We really catch it in the 
most fabulous fold-out MAD bonus ever! 


YOU GET 


AN 8-PAGE 
FULL COLOR 


SUNDAY 
COMIC 


SECTION 


WE'D LIKE 
TO SEE 


IN THE LATEST 


MAD ANNUAL 


MIC 


R LIKET 


THE FOURTH ANNUAL EDITION OF 
THE FROM 


SUNDAY 
COMIC SECT € 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Car-Shaped Cadillac Jewelry Box in your Model by Idea) Toy Co, 


€ - . . . . . . 
The trouble with owning a Cadillac is: you gotta leave it in the parking lot. 


Now, wherever you go, you can let the whole world know you own 


that fabulous status-symbol—by wearing Cadillac Jewelry. 


CADILLAC JEWELRY DIVISION, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION 


ight © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


