BRITNEY'S BREAKDOWN > MTV:25 LOUSY YEARS > X-MEN 5 


22220200 WHEN 
8 қағы ġà SE DOUG: 


፪ шозібрю но 


From Allan H. “Вид” Selig 
Commissioner of Baseball 


„ An Open Letter to MAD Magazine Readers + ° * * * 


pear MAD Reader: 

ongoing steroid scandal in Major League Baseball is 

f MAD. I was saddened to see Barry Bonds depicted as 
referred to as “Вай Lite" in “Barry at the 


I was dismayed to find that the 
the focus of the current issue 0! 
a disgraceful cheat (page 36) and 1 myself 
Bat” (page 18). 


But of greater concern to me than this maliciously accurate name-calling is that MAD 

is overlooking the many wonderful things happening in the game. For example, the 
upcoming playoffs will generate tremendous excitement among the several dozen fans 
upcoming Plot ay awake past AM to watch them. Baseball s сінді ine A 
of a golden age unrivaled by any other sport, not counting, of course, pro football, 
and competitive wiener-eating. Yes, our game has never been more popular in the handful 
of large markets where the teams can afford to field halfway-watchable players. 

good news in baseball has been outweighed 
ormone (HGH) use were particularly up- 
that in the “post-steroid era" the players 

d through strict regimens of squat-thrusts 


1 acknowledge that in recent months the 
by the bad. Reports of human growth hi 
setting, because it had been my firm. belief 
still-ox-like physiques were being maintaine 
and banana-walnut smoothies. 


There are 750 great athletes playing major league baseball, although with David Wells 

and Sidney Ponson still active, some might believe the true number is actually 748. Still, 

the vast majority of players would never betray the fans' trust, unless vou consider their 

ditching their home teams at the first possible opportunity to sign obscene contracts 
“betrayal of trust." 


with the Yankees, Mets or Red Sox a 

Regrettably, there will likely always be players who would snort crystallized goat sperm 
if it was purported to add a few feet to their pop-outs behind the plate. But what can 

1, the most powerful man in baseball, do — implement a comprehensive, zero-toler- 
ance drug policy that їп all likelihood would destroy the game Ilove and make huge 


stacks of money from? Come on! Let's be real! 


In conclusion, let me just say that we live in ап imperfect. world and we should not rush 
to judgement. One can never know for sure if a player is bending our rules, even ifhe's 


a utility infielder with 73 dingers and a size 29 cap. 


Sincerely, 


/#፡፡ቭይያረ2ሪ 


Allan H. 'Bud' Selig 


d the Magazine 


NAD (ISSN 0024. 

ND (SSR 00248918) қ bises топту by E.G የሀር Inc, 1700 ከዘፀ New 

тои pi ከህ or, NX ac elon mang fl. бот n USA T2 cues S24 00 o 24 sos $48 09 

CConacien pico mas GST пз ዘህ!) Ere contents Ө сорунун 2008 ty £ сої н кке d 

рр ታው ної о o нс passa #5 557.00 or 36 issues $78.00. 

ү Ача она ን na оза en DONC ya c [= гезер AN wanes xa 

vr oreste aiio ari, and ee l mann too оран а еса 

тшт erwelope. The names of chor , and request ll manuscripts bo 06፡6 Publisher о А 

purpose a parson i a conedene. о ть re ከበ6,6 атату sod sone 
Pinta in USA 


1 am writing to you because of your 
"Fundalini Photo Exclusive" pictures of 
President Bush and lobbyist Jack 
Abramoff (MAD #466). In one of the 
pictures, it shows that Bush and 
Abramoff are on Space Mountain. If you 
knew anything of this ride, you would 
know that you cannot have your hands 
in the air during this ride because if you 
do, your hands would get stuck on the 
ceiling because the ride has low ceil- 
ings. That is why at the beginning of the 
ride they say keep your hands inside 
the cart. Besides this huge mistake, l 
loye your mag! 


Patrick Sheehan, Two Rivers, WI 


Sheehon Double — We called up Disney 
World in beautiful Orlando, Florida to verify 
your seemingly outrageous claim. To our dis- 
may, however, they informed us thot you were 
completely right! They also filled us in on 
other Disney no-no's: 1) When hugging Goofy, 
keep it "north of the Equator” 2) at 
Frontierland® Shootin’ Arcade, outside firearms 
are strictly prohibited and 3) under no circum- 
stances should you make direct eye contact 
with any of the characters in the Country Bear 
Jamboree! Live and learn! —Ed. 


As you can see from the photo, I have 
finally graduated from college. This only 
took me 30 years to accomplish. | read 
MAD the entire time l was seeking my 
education. | directly attribute my read- 
ing of MAD to the length of time it took 
me to accomplish my education goals. 
Since MAD has kept me busy for the 
last 30 years, | would like to ask that 
you print my picture and letter to serve 
as a cautionary tale to anyone else who 
might be in college. 


Wanda Elrod, Cleveland, TN 


Elrod Hubbard — First off, congratulations 
оп your momentous accomplishment. We must 
point out, however, that taking 30 years to 
graduate from college is actually considered an 
accelerated pace for most of our readers! —Ed. 


MAD мгтү гігтү 
CELEBRITY 
SNAPS 


Check out the June issue of Vice magazine, 
which features not only a cover done by 
long-time MAD artist and Fold-in king Al 
Jaffee, but also an in-depth interview! 
Turns out he's a Pisces — who knew? 


Al's Vice cover 


I recently received MAD #466 and I 
immediately started reading it. | wanted 
to read everything about The Da Vinci 
Code, so l read "Other Hidden Messages 
in The Last Supper" and “MAD's Clueless 
Outtakes from The Da Vinci Code." 
But first | read the Fundalini Pages and 
I found a minor mistake оп page 7 
There's a picture of Leonardo da Vinci 
sneezing and La Gioconda, better 
known as Mona Lisa, saying *gesund- 
heit," which means “bless you" in 
German. 1 only have one question, why 
would the Mona Lisa be speaking 
German when she is supposed to be an 
Italian woman named Lisa Gherardini, 
and not a German woman? 


Luis Pulido, Huntington Park, CA 


Push and Pulido — You've stumbled upon 
one of the greatest mysteries of MAD #466. 
For weeks, noy months, the hidden meaning 
of this cartoon written by Michael Gallagher 
has eluded the public, but you're on the cusp 
of cracking The Gallagher Code! Like the Priory 
of Sion, Michael added a cryptic message to 
"The DaVinci Cold” If you rearrange the letters 
in "Gesundheit" you'll arrive at the phrase 
“The gnus die.” Gallagher scholars know that 
he not only lives in New Jersey, but is also a 
rabid soccer fan and roots for the Aberdeen 
Huskies. The chief rivals of this team, of 
course, are the Boonton Gnus. Michael's hidden 
note is a thinly-veiled taunt against the 
opposing team and its fons (known as Gnu- 
sies). Sharp eye, Luis! Let us know what you 
find in the inside back cover of #468. Rumor 
has it that if you fold Al Jaffee's artwork in 
just the right way, a second image will be 
revealed! —Ed. 


HEX MARKS THE SPOT 


I'm 14 years old and І became a MAD 
fan two years ago. | was walking down 
the magazine aisle and l slipped and fell 
on a gamer magazine. As | was picking 
myself up, | glanced to the side and saw 
the word MAD. Knowing that | watch 
the show, | picked it up and read it. 
Now 1 read it all the time. When MAD 
#465 came out, | brought it to the 
Catholic school I attend and read it out 
loud to my friends. Although we thought 
it was funny, the nun that teaches our 
class, however, did not approve and 
confiscated it. Two days ago, | was 
riding my bike to school and 1 crashed 
and broke my arm. So now I'm at home 
with several MADs and I’m enjoying 
reading them and cheering myself up. 

It was lucky because that day after 
school, | had detention for the MAD the 
nun confiscated. So please publish this 
letter so 1 can get some sympathy from 
my fellow MAD fans. 


Matthew Sneed, Memphis, TN 


Sneed Is Good — We're not sure if you 
deserve any sympathy just for being a spaz. 
However, it does seem as if you've had a lot of 
bad luck centered around MAD. Which makes 
us wonder, are you just a stumblebum or have 
other people experienced MAD-related bad 
luck? Could there be a curse of MAD? If you 
have your own true life example, send it in to: 
Amy "The Big Curse" Vozeolas, c/o MAD 
Magazine, 1700 Broadway, NY, NY 10019 and 
we'll print the best ones in an upcoming issue 
in an effort to give you some sympathy (provided 
you're not in а coma)! —Ed. 


Wake Al Dumb 
Wish Foundatiou™ 


Ever since І bought your magazine 
at Movie Gallery, I've loved the dumb 
comedy. Then l wanted to make a wish: 
what if every store had MAD? I've decided 
to write the Male f Damb Wisk 
Fouudation. Can you make my wish 
come true? 


Skyler Higgins, Amherst, VA 


Skyler's The Limit — That sounds like a terri- 
ble idea! Do you have any idea just how dumb 
your dumb wish is? You don't need every store. 
to sell pants do you? No! That's because after 
you've put on your pants, you've got ‘em all 
day no matter whaf store you go into! (You do 
wear pants don't you? Because after re-read- 
ing your letter, you kinda strike us as the crazy, 
muttering, pantsless type!) By that same logic, 
after you've bought your issue for the month, 
why would you need to see it in every store 
you went into, you bedpan? Either way, you can 
solve your "problem" by calling 1-800-4-MAD- 
MAG to subscribe. Thanks for writing ће Wade 
መሠሪ Wish огч. —Ей. 


ANOTHER SLOW FAKE NEWS DAY 


At the end of the June 15th episode of The Daily Show, Jon Stewart checked in with 
Stephen Colbert to see what was in store on that night's Colbert Report. The following 
exchange (with pictures!) occurred: 


a 


Jon: No, | didn't see that, 


Stephen: Tore you a new one, buddy! 
My only issue is when they made fun of 
our back and forth. Check this out. ፳፪ 
they have me talk about how our banter 
feels too scripted, 


check in 
ick to the program. Before we go, we cl 
of The Colbert Report Stephen. 


jon. Hey, did you see the parody of 
0 magazine? 


Jon: Hey, welcome ba 
with our good friend, Stephen Colbert 


Stephen: Thank-you, Jon. Hey 
The Daily Show in this month's МА 


መ 
RT REPORT 
THE COLBERT REPORT — ma 


Jon: Indeed. That is correct. 


Stephen: Then you say, “Would ani 
у» You mind closing with а meaningless | Stephen: ttis a laughable assertion 


non sequitur?" And | say, "Come оп, snake eyes!" First of ай, our 
banter is not scripted, 


COMING UP | [COMING UP — — 


т» 2 
THE COLBERT REPORT 


Jon: (pause) Yes. (pause) It is. 

Stephen: Undoubtedly. And as for the meaning- 
less non sequitur — | don't even know what 
that's a reference to. 


Jon: Me neither, Stephen. See you in a second. 
Stephen: Yahtzee! 


READER ALERT I 


Be sure to check out the special comic 
Sergio Aragones Solo by DC Comics — 
on sale now! To find a comic shop near 
you go to http://csls.diamondcomics.com/ 
or call toll 1-888-COMIC-BOOK. Tell them 
Sergio sent you! 


тнк BIG ovesrion 


This month we ask: 
Which celebrity would you most like to see 
get attacked Бу a Bird Flu-infected Emu? 


П American Idol loser Katharine MePhee 


П What's-his-name who plays Superman 


П Former soft-porn model turned Beatle 
gold digger Heather Mills McCartney 


O Daniel “We'll show you what а bad 
day is" Powter 
Send in your pick to Amy "The Big 
Question" Vozeolas. c/o MAD Magazine, 
1700 Broadway, NY, NY 10019. 


We'll illustrate the "winner" 
in an upcoming issue! 


T MONTH 
MAD £470 
ON SALE SEPTEMBER 19! 


MY NAME IS EAHL! PLUS. 
OUR SALUTE то THE MAD STRIP 
CLUB FEATURING LOTS OF STRIPS! 


Every once in a while, we like to take letters 
from other prestigious magazines and 
answer them as they should be answered! 
This month's gem is from the April issue of 
Teen People. 


| constantly reading about celebrity 
› መብ like Nick and Jessica's, it was 

refreshing to hear about successful couples 1 

like Hilary Duff and Joel Madden ("Secrets of 
| Successful Couples") | love how they are 
taking their own approach to romance. The 
article made me look up to Hilary. She is a 
role model. —B., Shelby Township, М 


B — We agree! Theirs is a romance for the 
ages! When we think of timeless, enduring 
love affairs, there are only three couples that 
fit the bill: Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and 
Isolde and of course, Hilary and Joel! Future 
generations will know of the love of these 
soulmates as they're celebrated in epic 
poems, plays and made-for-TV movies. Or 
maybe you'll just read in our September 
issue about how they broke up! —Ed. 


READER ALERT II 


Everyone that has their letter printed 
on this month's Letters Page will get 
a copy of Taking Back Sunday's new album, 
Louder Now, featuring the single 
“MakeDamnSure,” courtesy of our "friends" 
at Warner Bros. Records. For all of you not 
lucky enough to score a free copy, the 
album is on sale now! 


T MONTH IN 
MAD 
ON SALE SEP 


JACKASS! 
BACK TO SCHOOL STUFF CCH) 
AND OUR FALL TV PREVIEW! 


William M. Gaines founder 
John Ficarra editor 

Editorial: 

Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola, 
Jonathan Bresman senior editors. 
Amy Vozeolas, Greg Leitman, 
Dave Croatto associate editors 


Nick Meglin contributing editor 
Dick DeBartolo creative consultant 


Art Department: 
Sam Viviano art director 


Nadina Simon associate art director 
Patricia Dwyer assistant art director 


Ryan Flanders, Brian Durniak, 
Doug Thomson production artists 
Leonard Brenner graphics consultant. 


Administration: 

Paul Levitz president and publisher. 
David McKillips vp * associate publisher 
Richard Bruning senior vp - creative director 
Georg Brewer vp * design & DC direct creative. 
Patrick Calden executive vp france & operations 
Chris Caramalis р finance 

Мат vp * marketing 

Jam vp managing editor 
Stephanie Fierman senior vp ` sales & marketing 
‘Alison Gill vp - manufacturing 

Rich Johnson vp * book trade sales 

Hank Kanalz vp + general manager — WildStorm 
Lilian Laserson senior vp & general counsel 
Paula Lowitt senior vp business 8 legal affairs 
John Nee ур. business development 

Gregory Noveck senior vp ° creative affairs 

Cheryl Rubin senior vp «brand management 

Jeff Trojan vp * business development, DC direct 
Bob Wayne ур" sales 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
the usual gang of idiots 


FOR ADVERTISING INQUIRIES ONLY, 
PLEASE CALL 212-636-5520! 


For Subscription Questions: 

Goto the MAD website! All you need is your 
name and zip code to renew, change your 
address, give a gift subscription, check 

your account balance and expiration dates 
or to request a missing issue. Just goto 
www.madmag.com or call 1-800-4MADMAG 
(0,5. and Canada only) or write to P.O. Box 
421800, Palm Coast, FL 32142-1800! Please 
DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our New 
York office — we're too dumb to help you here! 


How To Reach Us: 

Please Address Correspondence To: 
МАО, Dept. 469, 1700 Broadway, 
New York, New York, 10019. 


MAD welcomes reader submissions. 
Manuscripts will not be returned or 
acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, 
stamped envelope! MAD doesn’t read 
faxed submissions! 

FAX MAD AT 212-506-4848! 

VISIT OUR WEB SITE! MADMAG.COM 


ЦІ 


ses FUNDALINI ADVISORY С satis 


President Bush has approved the National Security Agency's 
monitoring of all phone messages made by Americans. Therefore, be careful what you text! 


What's up? 
Same Stuff Different Day? 
It Could Be Worse — 
Thank God rida! 


Oh My God 
Laughing My Ass Offt 


|, Untraceable Passports? 
Successfully Smuggled Detonation Device? 
Inter-Continental Ballistic Weapons — 
They've Got Immense Firepower! 


On My Go, 
Launch Massive Anthrax Offensive! 
Got to Run Geosynchronize to Recalibrate 
Parent Over Shoulder Point of Strike 
Та Та Рог Now Terrorists Targeting Four Nations 
OUR RECOMMENDATION: NEVER USE THESE TEXT ABBREVIATIONS AGAIN OR YOU MAY WIND UP IN GITMO! 


POSSIBLE MISSION 
NAMES FOR А 
U.S. INVASION OF IRAN 


| ገ The Persian Incursion 
2 Son of Quagmire 

| 340 II: Nudear Boogaloo 
д Nullah Mayhem 

2-5 World War tt 


KAAVYA 
VISWANATHAN 


“Author” of How 

Opal Mehta Got 
Kissed, Got Wild, 

and Got a Life 


——— 


шше: 


== 
The book world was had 
Ву this sliek undergrad 
And her novel of sappy romance; 
Guess she thought — what the hey — 
Plagiarism's okay 
When you get half a mil in advance! 


In the search for terrorists, 
со? FUND ALI NI President Bush has approved the National Security Agency's 
° monitoring of all phone messages made by Americans. Therefore, be careful what you text! 


QN ЕЗ гуа! 
What's ир? Stol Passports? 
Same Stuff Different Day? iggled Detonation Device? 
It Could Be Worse — Inter-Continental Ballistic Weapons 
Thank God It's Friday! They've Got Immense Firepows 
Oh My God On My Go, 
Laughing My Ass Off! Launch Massive Anthrax Offensive! 
G2R Got to Run Geosynchronize to Recalibrate 
POS Parent Over Shoulder Point of Strike 
TTAN Та Та For Now Terrorists Targeting Four Nations 


OUR RECOMMENDATION: NEVER USE THESE TEXT ABBREVIATIONS AGAIN OR YOU MAY WIND UP ІМ GITMO! 


ж-- 


POSSIBLE MISSION 
NAMES FORA 
0.5. INVASION OF IRAN 


| 1 The Persian Incursion 7 4 KAAVVA 
2 Son of Quagmire 4 VISWANATHAN 
8 WMD II: Nudear Boogaloo "| Жа “Author” of How 

7 \ = Ора! Mehta Got 
ШЕ нші Mayhem к \ c Kissed, Got Wild, 
.= World War ll “жұ and Gota Life 


The book world was had 
Ву this sliek undergrad 
And her novel of sappv romance; 
Guess she thought — what the hey — 
Plagiarism's okay 
When you get half a mil in advance! 


PAGES 


CREATIVE SOLUTIONS 
FOR STEMMING THE FLOW 0F 
ILLEGAL ALIENS ACROSS OUR BORDERS 


FAKE SIGNS 


| mean, when 
Iwas that 
age, | was 
just happy to 
have an ісе 
cream cone! 


500 MILES OF DISCARDED CHEWING GUM 
Thees place Sucks!!! 


EVANGELICAL CHRISTIAN — MITT ; 

ina Souls! Run tous, Los 
አመ gere сер Your. soiled hearts | 
Vois ብዩ 860 pad that ib sR Lord and Savio: 


ong 


Anybody complains 
about the май, you 
bite his ass, y'hear? 


Saddam 
Sez: 


THEFUNDALINIPAGES 


HEAT CODES FOR PIXAR 


М 


This cheat puts а hitchhiker оп the side of the road. 
If you slow down as you pass him, you'll see that it's 
Jeff Foxworthy, who still can't believe that Larry the 
Cable Guy got a part in a big movie and he didn't! 


ANN 
COULTER? 

I WOULDN'T BOINK 
HER WITH ONE 
OF MY BODY 
DOUBLES! 


THE GODFREY REPORT 
[o oe 


REF THIS QNTH — 
o REPORT: ጥሀ” 


Enter this code to pop up an on-screen fuel display 
that shows you how many fossilized characters from 


ісе Age you've burned through. 


Fossil Fuel Depletion 


A huge wave crashes And turns it Abrave passenger 
into the mighty completely | volunteers to lead the survivor 
ship Poseidon... upside down! to the top of the ship. 


jim) 


If you're not a big fan of Pixar, this code can make the game | 
sound more like a Dreamworks picture. It replaces the With water well They hold And swim to safety. 
game dialogue with increasingly random quotes and over their heads... their breath... But most importantly... 


[ get you my Hello, my I don't like sand. It's coarse and 
pretties...and your [M мате is Inigo rough and irritating and it gets 
little dog, toot Mortava. everywhere. Not like here, Here 
You killed everything is soft and smooth, 


my father: 
prepare to die. 


They learn the Good night 
power of trust. everybody! 


ЕМО OL FUND) 


е Matthew A. Coh Jack Davis 


The good news 
is Tom, my Тот. 

the father of mv bad news 
child and my future is he 
husband, is BACKI still has 
He still has the killer the same 
smile. the athletic acting skills 

he had in 


moves and he does 
his own stunts! Cocktail! 


51 


I'm Ether Hunk, 
a secret agent 
who's posing as a 
traffic analyst! It's tough 
to separate my jobs! 
Yesterday, | beat up a 
| 53-year-old woman who |) 
| thought was a rogue 
school crossing guard! 


1 understand they 
fired the first draft 


I'm engaged to Ether! But | 

don't really know the guy! | 

do know he likes activity! He 
scales walls like Spider-Man! 
He leaps from tall buildings 
like Supermani Unfortunately, 
he makes love like the Flash! 


Tm Zen! The IMF team has white guys 
and black secret agents! They needed 
a hot Asian chick! 1 don't do much in 
this film but wear a slinky, backless 
dress! That's probably enough! I'm 
sure you'll agree it's better than 
another bridge explosion! 


we go from 
Virginia to | | writer — who pitched 
Berlin to that they go from 
Akron to Toledo 
to Poughkeepsie 
to Boise! 


ELT 
IMPLAUSIBLE « 


Іп my last film, Capote, l was a gay. I'm Lurker! With satellite I'm Вгаззу! In the beginning | | I'm Jack 
lisping novelist! Now I'm Omen Deviate, а | #8 imaging and heat signature This is we seem good, then, | | Bauer of 
sleazy, torture-loving villain who implants scanners, our IMF tech Musket! We're | опе of us appears | 24and 
explosives inside people's brains for fun! team can isolate and good guys. || suspicious. then there even I'm 

| ! make Saddam Hussein seem like capture any international | || but then again | | are some twists, some | totally 
| Gandhi! Hey. | love the critical acclaim, | | terrorist in any remote wecouldbe | | head games, ared | | confused 
j| but I'm not sure | like the Hollywood corner of the world! if only [888ሽ bad guys! One | | herring, a maguffin by this 
“We need a creepy guy. we could develop similar of us could be and а cheese danish. ridiculous 
technology for car keys! ' | | неу. when's lunch? [፪ plot! 


r° 


waiting for! Let's see || of the film and then minute lull 

the burning fuse and | | again at the very end! between 
hear the pounding jg > | themes. 
beat of the Mission So, whats the It's called 
Impossible theme! problem? the plot! 


Okay, Let's do that |Д | Problem! They oy th that MK There's a 
thing the audience is | )| theme music at the top 126- 


WRITER: kaskas B, а “ARTIST: HERMANN MEJIA 


13 


What am | doing here? 


| don't know anything about a Gopher's Foot! 
You аге іп a 


You're insane! Hal That's 
— ——— What are you [ not going to 
Now, | will count to ten — in a very deliberate and snivelly really after? happen in this 
thing called a way! If you don't give me the information 1 want, 1 will turkey! So let's 
flash forward. | torture your wife and then | will hurt every woman you've move ahead. 
Tell me where Ё ever cared for! | will find your childhood sweetheart and Well, actually 
the Gophers |Ң maim her! | will pistol whip your favorite aunt! If you've backward — 
Foot is! had any internet dates. ГЇ track them down as welll 
— —* 


Yes, but l don't know 
too much about He keeps 
yourself him! Не says he's а checking Agent Linseed She's been You'll get a chance 
quite traffic coordinator, the onion Flesh has 7 I captured by a to explode things, 
but 1 suspect he may dip for mysteriously ፲ deranged slimeball dangle from 
be something elsel explosives! lisappeared named Deviatel buildings and put on 
in Berlin! Ч Who's probably goofy face masks! 
We need torturing her! 
someone to 
rescue her! 


When does my 
1 Л Sorry! Can't help yo 


ош! r1 plane leave? 


That fiend tortured | | Agent Flesh. my job is to save 
me and injected а | | your life! That's all I'm thinking 
detonator inside about! Uh, incidentally, in this 
my brain! Do you pose do you think | look 

think I'll make it? pumped enough? 


Ever have one of those days when you invade 
a Berlin warehouse, rescue a gorgeous agent 
who's had an explosive implanted in her head 
and, while you're trying to defibrillate her, 
you're suddenly in the middle of a helicopter 
chase through a windmill farm? 


This is one of those 
quiet. personal 
moments that was 
lacking in the first 
two Mission: 
Implausiblest 


What are 
you thinking 
right now? 


You can come easy. or 
| сап make it difficult 
for voul It's up to yout 


The same thing the 
audience is thinking! 
It's time for a car crash 
or an explosion or а 
bizarre caper! These 
quiet moments bitel 


From a snapshot of Deviate 
we were able to duplicate his 
face and his voice imprint. 
You will have exactly the 
same face and same voicel 


Гат Howie Mandel! 
And my question to 
you, Omen Deviate, is.. 
Deal or No Deall? 


This is déjà vu all over again. 


You're right! This 
bridge exploding/ 
| | missile attack scene 
is an exact replica 
of the bridge scene 
in True Lies, 
that Arnold 
Schwarzenegger/ 
Jamie Lee Curtis 
film! 


What about 
emotion. 
range and 
inflection? 


That's called 
acting! You're on 
your own! We're 

secret agents, not 
miracle workers! 


And the heros 
wife doesn't 
have a clue to 
his real identity! 
Also ripped off 
from that 
Schwarzenegger 


film! running 


for 
Governor 

of 
California! 


We better 
hurry to prevent 
disaster! 


Iforget ፲ሽ Does it really I'm not sure. 
the plot! matter? All But | think 
What that matters the schmucks Look at Is it to Actually, | think it's 
are we is its one taking his that man! And why is save his |М because he stopped at 
doing of the four instructions to i he running girlfriend? | Wong's, the local street 
here big action i so fast — in To find the Ё vendor, and had the eel 
in locations Shanghai" a | one continuous № Gopher's gizzards, the octopus 
Shanghai? ፪፪ in the film! | little too literat | || H Foot? То snout and the special 
easilv a minute capture of the day, уак salad! 
thirty seconds № Deviate? |Д Нез got to find a men's 
too long? room and fast! 


Musket! So you're the mole high up You're gonna be wiped 
in the administration who's working out by another movie 
for the enemy! Do you realize that's cliché: a woman who 


one of the oldest clichés in movies? never held a weapon 
in her life suddenly 


becomes a sharpshooter! 


Deviate, you're ‘At the beginning of - z 
Well, it was quite a ride, What is that 


no match for me! forgetting | | this film the producers hat 
Ether! You destroyed possible mission? 


1 do my own stunts, ||| one simple gave you a paper bag! 2 
| plummet from stunt vou Seems уои couldn't act Deviate, уои recovered the Because of the 
rooftops, | swing could your way out of mysterious Gopher's Foot, || way you handled || А fourth 
from building to never do! you uncovered the traitor || things here, I'm |] installment 
Hey. some stunts are inside our bureau and you m certain the next of this 
tougher than others! hold the record for a two- i il tired 
mile dash through China! L le! || franchise! 


=== 


АҒЫ (TT 
INA Га, THE ROIDS OF SUMMER DEPT. 
(fl | 


a 

N 

й ሜጫ Не won 7 MVP Awards, 
which usually means 
7; 'Most Valuable Player," 
jJ tnougn in his case many 
Y, think it stands for "Most 
|| 2 Venomous Prick.' Here's... 


һе baseball season sparkled back in 1998, 

With home runs being clouted at a most prestigious rate; 
The Maris season record was surpassed by Mark McGwire, 
Which joyous fans declared was an achievement to admire. 


Би Barry Bonds, though still a star, was filled with rage and spite; 

He'd been eclipsed by someone else — what's worse, the dude was white; 
He nosed around and soon would find Big Mac had joined the frat 

Of jocks who knew that steroids could enhance each time at bat. 


Bš bashers got the headlines now — the rest were out of date; 
No sweat, the folks at BALCO Labs stepped smartly to the plate; 
For Bonds, their line of “nutrients” would surely help him out, 

To beef him up till he became the latest King of kaw i 


n just a year the world would see a brand-new Barry Bonds, 

Rebuilt with hormone shots and pills and special creams (not Ponds); 
Great muscles he displayed, with wondrous delts and pecs and abs — 
The pride of San Francisco, not to mention BALCO Labs. 


AU day dawned for Bonds and soon he'd break McGwire's mark, 
His homers streaking through the sky and out of Pac Bell Park; 
Fans marveled at his new-found strength, the fastballs that he drove, 
Which landed with a wondrous splash into McCovey Cove. 


ей earn a slew of МУР», be hailed an all-time great, 
But trouble now was brewing — some would call it Steroidgate; 
Jose Canseco authored Juiced, which gave us our first clue; 
Big Mac was outed in the book, oh, yes, and Barry too. 


C Bud Selig vowed that he would set things right, 
Then dropped the ball as once again he'd prove to be “Виа Lite"; 
As for the Players Union, their response was crystal clear — 

Do nothing, and then pray to God the mess would disappear. 


he scandal moved to Congress, where top sluggers testified: 
Viagra shill Palmeiro stood erect and firmly lied; 

\ Big Mac bemoaned, "What's past is past” and shrugged off any blame; 
ን Said Sosa, 'No comprende," packed his bags and quit the game. 


2—46 Hie Mia a ራ:#ሚ ( ኣሪ NV, I ла 


xit 


"Ге Feds took aim at BALCO and іп court their case was heard; 
The bigwigs both got jail terms, making 'roids' a dirty word; 
Though Sheffield and a host of other sluggers were exposed, 
“Twas Barry Bonds who led the list, with crimes not yet disclosed. 


ut once again the league would take a wishy-washy stand, 

That is, until the hot book, Game of Shadows rocked the land; 
Bud Selig, still a bumbling wuss, at last would intervene 
And swore he'd nail the juicers till the sport was squeaky clean. 


he headlines now belonged to Bonds, outdistancing Big Mac, 
More talked about than Britney Spears, gas prices or Iraq; 
ESPN aired Bonds On Bonds, a serving of pure рар; 
How nice to see his “softer side” without that steroid crap. 


о Giants fans, he still remains a hero to acclaim — 

An icon of the grand old game who'll make the Hall of Fame; 
Those filthy steroid rumors cannot possibly be true; 
His talent merely proves what healthy exercise can do. 


ut on the road, not many “Welcome” banners are in sight; 

Fans toss syringes on the field and seldom are polite; 
“Bonds sucks!” proclaim the signs in Cincinnati and L.A.; 
“You Нар cheat!” is often heard at Wrigley Field and Shea. 


е now has edged the Babe for homers hit in a career, 

‘And looks to pass Hank Aaron sometime later in the year; 
Should that day come, in his hometown he'll get a rousing cheer, 
But elsewhere in the league you'll hear, “Don't let it happen here." 


05 somewhere there are athletes with a passion for the truth, 
Who play the game with honor, hallowed by our nation's youth; 
And somewhere jocks command respect, of that we have no doubt, 
But there's little joy in baseball — Barry Bonds has been found out. 


BV HIMA 
ЕКО W 
о HEAVEN АЗ 


AN 


68 1м BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


te Planet ТАП!!! 
+ [@ http://www.galaxyo'blogs.com/planettad 


|02:08рт) 


ነ 
I think it's weird that there aren't any holidays in August. Every other month I went to the mall with my mom today to finally 
has at least one, and February has three, probably because February sucks so buy my summer reading books, Animal Farm 
much that's the only way to get through it. It's like, "Hey, it's cold and dark and The Great Gatsby. My mom also dragged me 
and depressing, but here's a groundhog! And presidents! And valentines!" along to Linens 'N' Things, which 1 think is the 


4 у! stupidest name for a store ever. Think about it: 
ІГІ ever get to have a holiday named after myself, I'm going to have it happen | боеп "М Things, It's super-specific, then super- 


in August. I know that usually, a holiday goes near the birthday of whoever it's PRA TANT p ን ርክ 
honoring, and ту birthday's in February. But I'm going to say it's August 15th, generat. кеке calling n o dci кыне 
and call it "Tad's Birthday (Observed)." " ቋመ CES 


[19 August| 12:16pm] 


I bet that, if all the animal mascots 
for products got together for a 
The family went out to dinner convention — like, if the Trix rabbit 
tonight to Chili's, and in the 3 and the Cocoa Puffs cuckoo and Elsie 
restroom, they had this sign: m - the cow all got together — І kind 
of think that everyone would make 
a point of avoiding the Charmin 
ass-wiping bears. Seriously. As 
best 1 can tell, those bears would 
It made me wonder if any customer has ever wound up just talk about nothing but ass-wiping. 
standing there, in front of the sink, waiting for an employee 
to come wash his hands for him. 


03:23pm] 
ል 


Thirty pages into The Great Gatsby, and I'm still waiting for him to do something great. Не just seems like a boring rich guy to me. 


Тай and Chet present. 


Chet and 1 spent todav at his 
house trving to make a movie. 
We decided to make a sequel 
to Snakes on a Plane called 
"Snakes on a Skateboard," 
because Chet's younger 
brother has some toy snakes, 
and Chet has a skateboard, 
so we had everything we 
needed right there. We even 
came up with a cool poster: 


Written ami Directed 
шу Tad and Chet 


t|01:08pm] 


But then we couldn't agree on whether the movie should be a 
special-effects extravaganza where giant snakes are attacking 

а village full of people played by action figures (my idea) ог 
whether the snakes should be regular size and chasing a guy 
played by Chet (Chet's idea), I pointed out that it doesn't make 
any sense for snakes to just decide to attack a guy, and Chet 
said that it doesn't make any sense for there to be glant snakes 
оп a giant skateboard, either, and then he asked me how the 
snakes can make a skateboard go, and 1 said, "I don't know, 
maybe they push it with their tails", and he said, "Wouldn't it 
be cool if they could move it using their minds?" and I told him 
that was a stupid idea and then he sald for me not to call his 
ideas stupid and I told him to stop having stupid ideas, and 
then I went home. 


1 think this is what is meant by "creative differences." 


Sophie found my copy of Animal Farm, thought the cover was cute, and read it. (She's Gifted and Talented, and reads at a ninth-grade 


level. I know this because she keeps telling everyone she meets.) 


Good news: She can write my book report. 


Bad news: Now she keeps waking everyone up with nigh 


[29 August|08:15pm] 


1 went to Borders to buy the CliffsNotes for The 
Great Gatsby today, and there was a small crowd 
of old people in the back. I went to see what they 
were there for, and it turned out Ed McMahon was 
there signing copies of his book Here's Johnny. 
My father said he used to be the co-host of The 
Tonight Show, before Jay Leno. I managed to get 
to his table, and asked him to sign my CliffsNotes. 
He asked if I wouldn't rather have him sign a copy 
of his book, and 1 said no, I didn't want to read 
his book, So he laughed and signed mine: 


CliffsNotes 


The Great Gatsby 


ful 


ፌ take this picture of him. 


rand of the Author 


эм THIS тоок 


Learn about the Lie ad 


res about how the evil pigs killed Boxer the horse. 


1 asked him if he wanted to do a cameo in а 
movie about giant snakes on a skateboard, 
and he said he was busy. I said "Doing what?" 
and he pretended not to 

hear me. The store staff 

then tried to drag me 

away, but I managed to 

use my cameraphone to 


T የሬ and Inimdaction 


19 Larry the Cable Guy — 
7 but I don't understand his jokes when 
TEARS FOR SPEARS DEPT: he gets all intellectual-y! 


And I was like, 
omigod y'all, гт pregnant 
again! How's this keep 

f'm not wearing happenin’? 

socks because NBC said that 

since Katie Couric left, someone 

has to show some leg during 

the interviews! 


And (sob) | wanted to 
Pssst! get а (sob) second set of these earrings 
Yo, lemme get я (sob) — but the ave lady said they 
IMMA, 20 bucks? 5 were (sob) ALL OUT! 


Al Roker wants to 
reenact that Madonna kiss | did? 
Ah-don'-think-sol 


OH — let's say this is the 
IQ level of a retarded sloth — 
where does Kevin fall? 
Mu fingers still stink of mu 
"Curious" perfume! 


Well, my neck may 
be broken, but it's still better 
My publicist told me to М than having those 'Brangelina' 
just do this everu time l use a word FIERES freaks as parents! 
f'm not sure about! 


АП right, 
you can get through 
this. Matt — just tru not to 
stare at her ginormous 
mom-boobs! 


Each week, 
| eat a bucket of KFC 


What? | just 
pointed out that some 
people have said you're 

аміни 


Oh, is that your 
cameraman mu securitu 
team is tasering? 
Oopsies! 


And then, after 
the General Lee crashed, 
everyone thought Bo and 
Luke were dead... 


Yeah. so, Britney's 
pregnant with £2 — which 
means it's time for me to dump 
her for Ashlee Simpson 
or sump'in! 


Рт 
са З 


ZU VL EZ DELE 

ЕЛІ TIAE 

СЕ s fa ая 
ሓ ЕСІ? 


© AND THE CHEAT GOES ON DEPT. 


HONOR HIS 
LEGACY BY 


NAME AT&T PARK 
STERISK YARDS AT 
BALCO FIELD." 


PRODUCE A 
COMMEMORATIVE 
DVD FULL OF 
INSPIRING SLOW-MO 
ОД IMAGES OF BONDS 
A SWATTING HOMERS, 
DOFFING HIS CAP 


AND INJECTING 
POTENT CATTLE 
HORMONES 
INTO HIS ASS. 


"ፆ WANT ME TO HIT 
A HOME RUN FOR 
YOU TONIGHT, 
‘JIMMY? PARTNER WITH BASEBALL 
CARD COMPANIES TO OFFER 
> | MEMORABILIA INSERTS OF BONDS’ 
BAT CHIPS, JERSEY SCRAPS AND 
MONTHLY DOPING CALENDARS. 


KEEP THAT 
СНЕСКВООК OPEN, 
COMISH! I'FEEL 
MY PANCREAS 
GOING! 


SET ASIDE 
BOX SEATS FOR 
THE HUNDREDS 
OF TEENS 
HOSPITALIZED 
AFTER CLUMSILY 
MIMICKING HIS 
STEROID ABUSE. = - 
OFFER НІМ FREE, FIRST-RATE MEDICAL 
TREATMENT IN THE INEVITABLE EVENT 
THAT HIS KIDNEYS, LIVER OR SPLEEN 
EXPLODE LIKE A BAGHDAD MINIVAN. 


TO CELEE . 
HISTORIC SEA SON в 
7 : = 


EACH YEAR, 
WE'LL HONOR A 
7 | WORTHY PLAYER WITH 
ገኢ THIS PRESTIGIOUS 
! 


THIS 
SHOULD 
GET МЕ ТО 


f ОТТЕП A “BARRY = 
BoNDS GROWTH CHART” 
B GIVEAWAY NIGHT AT 
THE BALLPARK. 


22 POUNDS OF 
SUNDAE! 


PRESENT HIM 
WITH A SUPPLY 


AT BALLPARK CONCESSION 
ES OFFER FANS A REGULAR, 
LARGE OR A *BONDS SIZE" 
“== THE POPULAR BATTING- 
(f) HELMET FROZEN VOGURT. 
О а а € — ^ А” 
д A ረ 
2 


AS-IMPRESSIVE 
b AE ЧГ WHEN HE FINALLY DOES HIT — HAVE 
BALD-FACED LIES THE BALL WHISKED OFF TO THE SECTION 
TOLD TO A FEDERAL 4 OF THE HALL OF FAME THAT ALSO 
GRAND JURY." HOLDS SAMMY SOSA'S CORKED BAT AND 
GAYLORD PERRY'S TUB OF VASELINE. 


EY BAD TO THE MILKBONE DEPT. 
SS 


Whoever coined the 
phrase “dogs are a man 'ሩ 
best friend' was barking 

up the wrong tree. 
Check out these... 


ARTIST AND WRITER: 
TOM CHENEY 


Deliberately cruising for garden tools. 
AT was TUE BEST of TIMES, IT WAS 


THÉ WORST OF PINKY DUBLOON FI 
(асылар Түз асу тш 


2,77 : auormuos - 


WHAT THE HEL? 


— з 


— = 


Braille chewing. 


! Yow MANY 
QU 
CARDIAC SPECIALIST: 


Reckless bait and switch 
abandonment, 


ШЕТТЕТІЛГЕН 


51 HANKS, BUT NO THANKS DEP' 


First there was the trillion-selling book, then there was the illustrated ver- 
sion of the trillion-selling book. Then all the books about the book. Then the 
controversy about the book. Then the books about the controversy about 
the book. Then the commercials for the movie based on the book. By the 
time this hunk of crap actually made it to theaters, we were already in... 


I'm Roving Languish, a professor of symbology — the study of the | 
interpretation of symbols and codes. It's not an exact science and, as 
you will see, when practiced by yours truly. it's not even an interesting 
science! Despite my years of study, 1 have no idea what the precise 
mutilations across this man's chest mean. Likewise, 1 haven't a clue 
why he's naked and laying in this particular spot in the Louvre. But my 
doctorate in Symbology does tell me one important thing. Based on the 
symbolic nature of the chalk line around his body drawn by the police, 
1 сап say with reasonable certainty that this man is dead as а Dodo! 


1 am Bozo Farce, a French detective. l'm here 
to solve a murder. Nothing escapes my keen 
eye. | ranked high in my French detective class 
— right behind Inspector Clouseau! Roving 


Languish thinks 1 brought him here to offer his 


cockamamie explanation of this man's death. 
The truth is, І think Languish killed the 

curator! Proof? Languish is an American — 

that's all the proof a French detective needs! 


E DAVIN 


I'm Bishop Angry-Rosa. I'm a member of 
the Opie Daze, a group dedicated to keeping a 
faith-shattering secret about a certain young 
lady who was seen with a certain bigwig 
religious leader at a certain big "last dinner" 
party. To tell the truth, | can't see what the 
Church is so worried about. The bigwig was 


seen with a young lady, not a young guy! These | 


days, that's a positive story for the church! 


WRITER: DICK DEBARTOLO р 


° 
ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER, 


I'm Sofa. I'm a cryptologist. and if you think this plot is hard ሺ 

‘to follow, wail till you try to understand what I'm saying with 

my heavy French accent! | have much in common with Roving | 

Languish. We both decipher things. We're both wooden. |! 

We're both monotonous. We're both — well, you'll soon learn || 
just how expressionless we can be! | came to the Louvre to 
give Roving Languish a note telling him that he’s a murder 

suspect! The note also warns him “not to react to this news!" |4 

What was | thinking? Like he could react to anything! 


I'm Styleless, an albino monk who serves 
as the Bishop's assassin. | travel every- 
where killing people. The Bishop said | 
it's what God wants. It must be on a page 
in the Bible | missed! Excuse me now 
while | go beat myself. You may wonder 
why I'm into self-flagellation. Hey, you're 
sitting here reading this ridiculous satire! 
Т might ask you the same question! 


АЙ this new attention given to 
people who read hidden meanings 
into famous paintings bri = === 
a smile to my face! But right now |> 77-5 
I'm trying not to break out 
laughing at Roving Languish's 
haircut! What's up with that 
black. greasy mop look? 
Forrest Gump had more style! 


human history"! Well, it was until that whole Enron 
thing! Until I pointed it out, no one realized there 
was no cup, no chalice in Leonardo Da Vinci's "Last 
Supper"! And under super magnification Ive just dis- 
covered there are no salad forks or serving spoons 
on the table either! I'm not sure if | should pass 
these findings on to Dan Brown or Martha Stewart! 


There are things about me 1 It could be 
don't understand. For example, | | Do you think that] | that, or the 
my parents were killed in was because fact that I 


a horrific car crash and yet of some holy wasn't in the 
1 didn't suffer a scratch! 


intervention? car with them! 


LT 


When you were a child did your 
grandfather even mention the Prior 
to Dyin'? Did he ever mention the 

Knights of Bad Tempers or the 
Sangria Documents? 


Well then, let me ask you 
something even more 
important: did your grand- 
father ever mention that 
you're not supposed to drive 
backwards at high speeds, 
especially on the sidewalk? 


< { 


| have an I'm not asking for myself. 
incredible | I'm asking for the millions who 
፪ storyto [! ii are sitting through this endless 
tell you. It ij muddle of a movie. They're 
suffering enough! Pick up 
the story where we go to the 
Prior to Dyin' with the special 
key my grandfather left mel 


1 recognize this device. Www My grandfather told) ` А scholarly 
My grandfather told me how Д 


it works. There's a secret 
map inside. If you guess the 
wrong combination, a heavy 
duty spring spins a big 
eraser and the entire secret 


b Better than 
There mustbea |, me that secret, too. friend of mine нер with that! He can 


million combina- || You turn the box lives here. under- help us with 
tions! How could the| | over. The secret Hecan |) standing |፪| some comic 
опе correct combi- combination is provide us | relief, and 
nation be passed on | | always engraved on with some- [፻ f God knows 
year after year Гог [4 the bottom! No опе 


map gets rubbed clean! centuries? thinks to look! 


Icanhardly |- No. this is the original! The |- Now it's time May | see those 1 don't want to read 
believe it! You reproduction is on the wall of ==, for тоге parchments? them, | want to stuff 
have an exact the sanctuary in Milan! The background! them іп my ears 501 

reproduction of church needed funds for settling At the time of You don't don't have to hear anv 

Da Vinci's "Last all those priest abuse lawsuits. Constantine. need to read more explanation! Tap 
Supper" fresco! so they sold the original to me! | ` М religious turmoil anything. We're me on the shoulder 
7 was gripping going to tell you when your story gets 
rs. the whole story! ЙД up to the year 20061 


Okay, Languish They also believe Mary 
and | will now Some people believe had a child and that the 
boil down Christ was married, |Д royal bloodline continues 
centuries of a that Mary today. But the talk about 
possible cover- Ё Magdalene was his |) their marketing a carved 
up into one wife, and that she wooden “Apostle Action 
panel. Ready? is depicted in the Figure Set not even 

8 Неге we go! | | painting. not Johi 1 put any faith іп that! 


зала if her child 1 can't believe it. | | Sir Teabag. 
had a child and that The Holy Grail Stop 
child had a child, after is not a cup or clowning 
hundreds of years. a chalice! It's around and 
ту guess is the child a person and | take that 
would end up looking |. | have that person | | dinner plate 
pretty much like, right here from behind 
well, like you, Sofa! |=} іп my house! my head! 


Sir. there's ап They're after Hmm...a French 


albino with a the ancient woman, a cripple, 
gun behind the keystone 2 symbologist and 


drapes and 8 | | you brought, ап albino are all 


|| large number | |Languish! Bring | | getting into a car... 
| of policemen |Ң the car around | | if this isn't the setup 
the back. to a really bad joke, 

We'll escape! | | | don't know what is! 


Who would believe the security 
at such an important landmark as 
Roswell Chapel would be so lax as to 
let perfect strangers wander through 
and find secret sub-basement rooms 
which are mysteriously lit 
without candles or electricity! 


Its a little 
late in the 
film to be 
questioning 
what's 
believable or 
not, isn't it? 


ብ 


1 don't want to read 


Damn, theres 


anything negative You must solve the Boxs nothing on 
into this, but does № code for те now! Then! | pi earth that 
the fact that you're can find Mary Magdalenes 1 hate more 
holding Sofa at grave and prove she and than pigeon 
gunpoint indicate | | Jesus wed! It will destroy droppings! 
dissatisfaction | | the church, even more than 1 can't chance 
with anything when it was revealed some ! it! Go, you're 
we've done? Bingo games are fixed! both freel 


I'm just going Hmmmm... 

to cut out according to 
the parts of this paper, 
these ancient the man vou 


documents kept talking 


1 think we need. I'l Й about was 
leave the rest for not your 
other scholars... | | grandfather! 


No, but this paper 
That explains also says that 
why his head basically you're of 
seemed to Бе № | royal blood! 
pasted into а! Or perhaps. that 
the photos of you're not of 
him with my royal blood! 
family! It's pretty faded! 


IA 


Well, just for laughs. Where did That's not wine, 


let's say that | am of ЇХ you get JA) thats just water! |? 


royal blood! | think wine? 
the thing to do is 
celebrate with a 
glass of wine! 


Now that's ridiculous! 


Are you kidding?! We 


If it was water before and Solcan be disclose nothing! We're 
now its wine, how could safe and well- gonna be the riche: 
that b — oh my God! protected when | | Winery in California! "Da 
This is miraculous! we disclose that| | Vinci Code Red” at $50 
I've got to get you Tm a direct а bottle! We'll be rich! 
back to the United descendant 


Fry A 


States immediately! from Jesus? I'll drink to that! 


Age: 9 * Hgt: 4' 4” « Wgt: 144 | 
Bicep: 21 inches М 5 
NI Favorite player: Gary Sheffield 
STEROID or CHOICE: DECA-DURABOLIN 


During a 'roid rage incident in 
2005, Ricky beat а woman senseless 
with a groundskeeper's rake. 
Ricky once ran right. through 

a dugout wall while chasing a 

fly ball. 


помен Ricky can fashion а 
liamond by squeezi i 
lump of coal. 440019 а simple 


Age: 8 є Hgt: 4' 3" e Wgt: 135 Ibs, 
Calf size: 19 inches 

Favorite player: Jason Giambi 
STEROID OF CHOICE: METHYLTESTERONE 


Jeremy lists “shrunken testicles” 
as his least favorite side effect. 
After whiffing 4 straight times 
during a game, Jeremy got 

his revenge by crushing the 
opposing pitcher's windpipe. 

In an ironic twist, Jeremy's 
paternal grandfather invented 
the specimen cup. 


RARKGANTORADRE © 
pr 
ARTES Vite aac #ሃበልረህጄ 


ЖУ) b, 


Age: 7 1/2 8 Hgt: 4' 7" * Wet: 165 Ibs. 
Hat size: 9 3/8 

Favorite player: Jason Grimsley 

STEROID OF CHOICE: TESTOSTERONE PROPIONATE 


Damien once lapsed into a coma 
after accidentally injecting Red Bull 
into his neck. 

Damien once pinned Mike Tyson 

in ап arm-wrestling match. 


Damien has the liver of a 
78-year-old man. 


Age: 7 * Hgt: 4' 9" ° Wgt: 170 Ibs. 

Neck size: 26 inches 

Favorite player: Rafael Palmeiro 

STEROID OF CHOICE: TESTOSTERONE ENANTHATE 


Tony's neck measures 26" around 
(the same as a baby rhino)! 


Tony was suspended for 2 games 
after he ripped an umpire's 
arm out of its socket when 


disputing a called third strike. 
Tony is afraid of needles and 


has pioneered the snorting of 
performance-enhancing drugs. 


KUPER 


WRITER AND ARTIST: PETER KUPER 


TIL 


à -shi d defiant jailh 
А jr filthy t-shirts an jaithou: 
езе JUVS ንሪ ey, among other tasks, operate th 
jut to ti 
qis it 2097 саге O wered т 


SE tattoos? As |; 

е levers of |, 

ides that they've slapped together in the dead of eus io ling to 

ces. That's reckless enough. But can you imagine e night una ta йу ЖШ 
> 22 


do 
А оз í 
о substan 1 2 Cep Š Заг; 
ke “у деу avalig felons had some rea yank? Thats right, ponder this fa it Would infu enous, 
yo one Zo a ር = ат like ; е 
A al MST ac = fe = | 2 Omen, “И, 


WRITER AND ARTIST: 
JOHN CALDWELL 


here'd no doubt 
be a series of 
commemorative 
stamps high- 
lighting great 
achievements 

in skeeball 


ES political campaigns will be centered around 
the need to promote cleaner dunk tank water 


would become 
synonymous with 
fried dough 


ac: Halliburton 


Re huge stuffed animals would 
quality as tax exemptions 


TAKE YOUR 
BEST SHOT, 
МЕ. SECRETARY / 


shington would add yet another layer 
of bureaucracy by instituting an Office | 
of Guessed Weights and Measures 


е ни j 
r of voter fraud involving two-headed 
pickled babies would become rampant 


\n addendum to 
329 the Leave No 
Child Behind Act 
ieia 1 V / would involve 
леа ое 1 | lowering the 
minimum ride 
height 
he nation 


E would set aside 
, опе day a year 
KID to honor its 
D ЯМ fallen midway 
ĠA hucksters 


WELL REAN 
wym YOU, 
SENATOR. 


MP oodbye long-winded debates, 
ኣመዛ hello televised tests of strength 


56.እይለ]ዘ8ፐ ANTI-FLAG THURSDAY MOTION CITY so 


UNI 
ES THE DAY SENSES FAIL AGAINST MEL-AFI DTRAEK 


ЕТШЕ SIL 


УЕ, ህ 
E ACADEMy Т9 ТЕ! 


RED JUMPSU! MORE EMERY 


DLITÁ FLASHLIGHT BROWN: DRI 
ТОН АЙМ STRONG PISTI OPPING DAYLII 
i. SPITALFIELD RIVERBDAT GAMBLERS САТЕВУ'5 AMERICAN DREAM eur 
VALIENT THORR VOETERA DIE HUNNS А50 “EIGHT FINGERS DDWN 
MASHUP WE ARE THE FURY 
STREAK CARTEL  ТНЕ БІ MY AMERIC, 
THE SUN! mmy SETS FIRE THE CONFESSION THE GERMS” ADAIR снов маат 
THE VINCENT BLACK SHADOW 'BRITT BLACK 
AND MANV MORE 


NEW FOR 2006: CINGULAR SIGNING STAGE. 
ERNIE BALL BATTLE OF THE BANDS, 


LEAGUE BASEBALL VAGRANT RECORDS 
MAJOR RE, ула АМА SKATE J, STAGE. 
D VIBES MEDICINE CABINET (SPOKEN WORD 
DR. MAD PO АҚЫН CREW (STREET BIKE ፐሀዘፐውር ТЕНТ). 


& = 

ጩ 

©з Shock эш QD EE ана SE юз е (A «езе БЕП 
ME SA — uum (гез Tr ниш u petat Ж жә 


CHECK ПИТ WWW.WARPEOTOUR.COM FOR DETAILS 


— —— WARPEDTOUR.COM / POSTER DESIGN BY JOE SIMKO 2006 + SWEETROT.COM 


CRAPPY (B. crappy anniversary DEPT. | RY DEPT. 
When MTV debuted, 
way back in 1981, 
people said it was 


stupid, pointless, 
annoying and would 

never last! Boy were 

they wrong — at least 

about the “lasting” 

parti The same way you'll 

sing “Happy Birthday” 

to the kid in closs you 

hate, just because 

everyone else is doing 

it, bear with us as... 

МТУ hits the airwaves with footage 

of the Apollo rocket blasting off to the 

moon. The expensive 

explosion, leading to an 
empty and lifeless void, 
symbolized the channel's 
"launch." Apparently, 
MTV thought it was а 
slightly less obvious 
metaphor than a farmer 
shoveling manure onto 
waiting swine. 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 
ARTIST: DREW FRIEDMAN 


Viewers enjoyed seeing the very best 
Caucasian stars of the era. But 9096 of 
rocks performers in 1981 still looked like 
unshaved rodents with problem skin. 
However, they were judged by their 
musical ability, rather than by how 
perky they looked in some flashy video. 
MIV would soon fix that. 


The еріс 15-minute Thriller was a N 
sensation, marking both the final time 

MTV viewers could pay attention to something 
for 15 minutes, and the last time Michael Jackson 
needed make-up to pretend his face was rotting off. 


/ 


Making the leap from oblivion to the back 
of a Trivial Pursuit card were the original five 
VJs that America would come to know and 
tolerate: Nina, Alan, 1), Mark and Martha. 
This Powerhouse lineup of charismatic talent 
wouldn't be matched until Jose Canseco, 
Cousin Balki and Omarosa showed 

up on The Surreal Life. 


But MTV wasn't only 
about image. The proudest 
moment of its early history 
came when it aired 2 hours 
of stirring, magnificent 
stage performances from 
Live Aid. Unfortunately, 

it was spread out over № 

17 hours of programming. 


51 


Ву 1987, the network suits realized they'd never get 
fat golden parachutes if all theu did was run Bangles 
videos..er, that is, MTV Creative had an epiphany to 
expand the channels brand identity by spicing up the 
schedule with alternative programming. And so the 


shift away from 24-hour music began, The program- Sniffing 
ming department took a "throw it at the wall and see the winds 
if it sticks" attitude, the same approach used by alpha of the cultural 


zeitgeist, МТУ 
totally embraced hip- 
hop by creating Yo! MTV 
Raps. Okay, so it only ran 
once a week at first. In the 
middle of the night. And ቨ 
true, the channel still spent W 
the other 166 hours рег  ጩ 
week running videos by 
Steve Winwood, The 
Grateful Dead, Cher and 
George Harrison. But 
the show's unplanned 
popularitu was proof 
that MTV always 
defined the cutting edge. 


monkeys in the zoo. 


Supermodel Cindy 
Crawford, sporting _ 2 
the most famous 
media mole 1 
until Scooter 
Libbu, hosted 
the fashion- 
centric House of 
Style. The show 
was hugely suc- 
cessful, although 
the ratings 
among male view- 
ers had a tendency 
to abruptly peak at 
about the 7-minute 
mark of each episode, 
then taper off. 


Pee-Wee Herman's career as 
a kids’ entertainer had been 
derailed bu his arrest in a porn 
theater. But the public mastur- 
bator's surprise appearance at 
the 1991 Video Music Awards 
received a wild ovation, thus 
making Pee-Wee the biggest 
one-handed star on MTV since 
Def Leppard's drummer. 


In the histrionic Guns 'N' Roses videos of the early 905, Axl Rose watched 
two copies of himself argue and walk through a mirror, visited his own grave 
inside a baby's eyeball, and went off to live among the dolphins. Axl would 
later quit the music business, because he felt no one understood him. 


52 


, MTV had clout. They expanded "fire" are. 


into Hollywood with a filmmaking division and the banned оп Beavis and Butt-Head, 
annual Movie Awards. They expanded into politics because MTV doesn't want 
with the "Choose or Lose" campaign. They expanded its pair of ugly, retarded 
into psychiatric counseling with the S-minute-long Van sociopaths to set 


Halen "reunion." And most shocking of all, with the a bad example. 
introduction of MTV2, theu expanded into 

the business of broadcasting 

music videos. 


were loosed in 1992, 
and reality television was born. The Real World 
answered the question no one had been asking: what 
happens when seven demographicallu-selected gay 
models, insufferable bitches and beach volleyball 
rejects go into a full-sized Barbie Dream House 
and start getting real? It turned out that viewers 
couldn't get enough of the show, albeit only 
because MTV spends six months at a time running 
the series in 24-hour marathons. 


exactly where they were at the moment 
they heard the news of Kurt Cobain's death: sitting on their asses 
watching MTV. They're staggered by the unexpected news that a 
guy who posed for photos with a rifle in his mouth and who wrote 
the song "I Hate Myself and Want to Die" would commit suicide. 


video, new rap star 
Snoop Doggy Dogg 
went into a bedroom 
with four women and 
ten condoms. This 
was considered a 
powerful message 
for safe sex. 


On Januaru 24, 1998, Fiona Apple's speech from the August 1997 
Video Music Awards finallu ended. When Apple wasn't busu stripping off 
her bra and sticking her head between men's thighs in her videos, she 
was deeplu concerned about the objectification of women in the media. 


` After 15 uears, MTV is forever changing, 
forever exploring, forever restlessly searching 
for the next big thing. If it were an actual 

ኤግ 15-year-old, it would be put on Ritalin. 


м 


MTV opened its famous 

glass-windowed studio in 1997, 

thus гг 

whoring in the Times Square area. 

Within a year, the sitting audience for 

Total Request Live was in place, barely 

blinking, inside a glass booth, like a giant 

lizard terrarium. Except real lizards would Uncontrolled eruptions of 

never have voted for Matchbox 20 videos. arson, sexual molestation, 

violence, looting and vandalism 
marred MTV's coverage of | ነ 

Woodstock '99, And yet L, 

somehow, the same things 

make Tom Green a star. 


Eminem stole the show at the 2000 VMAs, spitting out his 
angry message of intolerance in front of an army of identical 
white lookalikes. This concept was later stolen and successfully 


Meanwhile, The nuclear 
in the single meltdown family $ 
greatest prank of the era was 
ever, Ashton The Osbournes. 
Kutcher tricks Their hit reality ' 
the United series raised the 
States into question "Is an 
giving him obscenity techni- 


8 career. cally obscene, if 


For the first and 
last time, MTV 
produced the 
Super Bowl half- 
time show, and 
lustin Timberlake 
gets further with 


Janet Jackson than መም — 
he supposedly 
ever did with a 

Road to Behind the 


Britney Spears. ሥ 
MTV Movie Awards 


Pre-Show: Uncensored 
was the least success- 
ful of the channels 
many "exclusive" 
award show specials. 
On July 18, 2003, a S It was so unpopular ($ 
soul-crushing milestone is reached, that it would only Бе SS 
as MTV's Spring Break coverage rerun 40 times. ЕЕ 
i Е ዞ 
marks its 1,000,000th pointless ''Woooool' — 


The Making of the 


The 2005 Video Music Awards went on as scheduled in 
Miami, just 72 hours after Hurricane Katrina had swept 
through the area, causing massive damage. In fact, local 
residents were still without power and couldn't watch the 
broadcast. So, some good did come out of the hurricane. 


55 


WHERE IS ІТ HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


MOST IMPORTANT NAD FOLD-IN 


10 STOP THE INFLUX It's no secret that there are many workers who are doing jobs that 
OF UNSKILLED are not rightfully theirs. There have been many instances where their 
AND UNSAVORY incompetence has had dangerous and unfortunate repercussions. 
WORKERS? It's more important than ever to keep an eye on these interlopers. To find 

р; өші where the worst offenders аге рорріп up, fold page їп as shown. 


IN MANV WAVS, THE PUBLIC IS PLAGUED BV THIS 
BUSINESS. THESE PARIAHS ARE SOME ОҒ THE EARTH'S 
LOWEST PARASITES. THEY'RE EVERYWHERE. IN 
CABS, PLANES, HOTELS, RESTAURANTS, EVEN IN POSH IN- 

SIDER'S CLUBS. IT'S BECOME AS BAD AS IT CAN GET 


А WRITER AND ARTIST: AL JAFFEE в 


| 


ጀሙ: FOLD BACK 50 THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


GRAB LIFE 
BV THE HORNS 


DODGE 


FOLD PAGE OVER TO RIGHT А-В THEN FOLD BACK 50 "A" MEETS “В” 


IT'S 
ANVTHING 
BUT 


CUTE. 


GRAB LIFE 
BV THE HORNS 


DODGE 


FOLD PAGE OVER TO RIGHT "THEN FOLD BACK 50 "A" MEETS “В” 


ዊ ነ; 


THE ALL-NEW 2007 DODGE CALIBER STARTING АТ $13,985* 
172-horsepower 2.4-liter engine with CVT2. MusicGate Power" 
Boston Acoustics? sound system with swing-down liftgate speakers. 
Visit dodge.com or call 800-4ADODGE. 


GRAB LIFE 
BV THE HORNS 


DODGE 


FOLD PAGE OVER TO RIGHT А-В THEN FOLD BACK 50 "A" MEETS “В” 


IT'S 
ANVTHING 
BUT 


CUTE. 


