ў 
39. 


fot re рете 


AA 


#466 JUNE 2006 $3.99 CHEAP! 


| | | 
| 


61941120353' 


$5.50 CANADA 


JUNE 2006 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: 


RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT: 
The Fundalini Pages... Е 


WAITER, MY DINNER IS CODE DEPARTMENT: 
Other Hidden Messages in The Last Supper. 


YOU COMPETE ME DEPARTMENT: 
The MAD World of Sports............... 


HOWIE DOODY DEPARTMENT: 
“Dull or Not Dull” (A MAD TV Satire)..................... 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT: 
Spy VS: Spy... 

THE SOUND OF MUTANTS DEPARTMENT: 

MAD's All-Too-Human X-Men: The Last Stand Outtakes. 


MASSIVE ART ATTACK DEPARTMENT: 
“Mora E, Neuman? Ров... ннн 


TAKE ME OUT TO THE RALL GAME DEPARTMENT: 
7 Periods Closer to Death......... 


DANCE DANCE DEVOLUTION DEPARTMENT: 


QUEER AS FOLKS DEPARTMENT: 
Having Gay Parents — The Advantages and Disadvantages. 


IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPARTMENT: 
Planet Tad!!!!. 


HANKS GIVING TURKEY DEPARTMENT: 


LICENSE TO SHILL DEPARTMENT: 
Go Fetchl.......... NS 


LEAVING POSITIVE FEEDBAG DEPARTMENT: 
What If Horses Sold on eBay? 


SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT: 
A MAD Lock at Cats........... 


SLINGING A DIFFERENT TUNE DEPARTMENT: 


HERE COME DA JUGS DEPARTMENT: 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT: 
“Drawn Out Dramas” 
by Sergio АГОДОПЕ5, همه‎ 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published monthly by Е.С. Publications, Ino, 1700 Broadway. 
New York МУ. 10018, ۳٣٣45 postage pad at New York. NY. and at caia! moll 
Subs 2 


(Canadian price has GST lox Included.) Erie conterts © copyright 
2006 by EC. Ба нота ne Ala 10 nia changa d adt v taco qe 
ive, ond Include mating label when making change of adress or inquiring obout your 
subscription, POSTMASTER: send address chonge lo МАО, РО, Box 52345 Boulder, CO 
80822-2345. The Publisher and Editors wil по! be responsible or unsolcied maru. 
зар, ond request all manuscripts be accompanied by a stamped sel-addressed retum 
envelope. Tho names cf charactors used in ай MAD бойоп and sami-ficton ore ficttious 
A simioriy without satiric purpose دا‎ a living person کا‎ o concidence Printed in U.S.A. 


NUMBER 466 
DEPARTMENTS 


Random Samplings of Reader Mall................... 


„19 


MAD's Clueless Outtakes From The Da Vinci Code... 


You Can Write the Next American Idol Single!.......................... 
Overheard at the Anna Nicole Smith Supreme Court Case...................... 


Various Places 


24 


America's Least Favorite Prom Themes... 


FAMILY ISSUES 


When | was about 11 years old, | 
remember my parents hassling my 
older teenage brother whenever they 
found a MAD in his room. Like a bratty 
sister, | joined in the attack and promised 
to be a good girl and never delight in 
such a magazine. Now 31 years later, 
my teenage son has discovered MAD 
and true to my earlier vow, | promptly 
threw a parental hissy fit. He 66 
me to read just one page which I thought 
was the least 1 could do before | threw it 
out. Well, you guessed it, | was instantly 
hooked and now I get it. I just want to 
know if you can ever forgive me for 
being such a jerk. | will gladly do 
penance or community service to pay 
for my mistakes. 


Gina Sahin, Hampton Bays, NY 


Gina In A Bottle — The only possible solution to 
atone for your sins is buying your son a three- 
year subscription to MAD. While you're at it, be 
a nice sister and buy your brother а subscription 
as well (you brown-nosing fink)! —Ed. 


READER ALERT 


Hey, Chuckles — remember, when send- 
ing in photographs of any kind, please 
be sure to include an e-mail address or 
phone number, so we can contact you! 


TEXT SUPPORT 


1 was recently banned from reading 
your ch-so-righteous magazine by my 
parents. When I thought there was no 
way to reach your mind-droning maga- 
zine, it hit me. | was reading my History 
textbook when I realized that my parents 
could not ban me from your magazine. 
You have left your dirty mark on history, 
and no one can escape it. In my book, 
it says “Some teenagers rebelled by 
reading materials such as MAD 
Magazine, which made fun of 1950s 
society.” Without knowing it, you have 
now become a part of America’s dark 
side and 1 applaud you. 


Alex Marzano, Long Grove, IL 


Marzipan — We suggest that your parents 
contact Gino Sahin, and hopefully they'll have 
а similar change of heart. Better yet, show 
them the history book — and maybe they'll 
ban you from reading that as well! —Ed. 


inen. all 


THE BIG PARTY 


Spy Vs. Spy is the best part of MAD 
Magazine! | cannot wait until the next 
issue! Thank you for making me laugh! 


Abraham Blanchard, Cedar Falls, IA 


Honest Abe — Thanks for sending in pictures 
from your 7th birthday party! We hope that 
when you blew out the condles, you wished for 
о better cake next year! —Ed. 


If you have a MAD-themed party, we'd love to see 
the pics (be sure to tell us what the party was 
for!) Send them to Amy "The Big Party” c/o MAD 
Magazine, 1700 Broodway, New York, NY 10019! 


{2 
(E Easel 


BRAVE'S NEW WORLD 


This letter is in regards to your article 
“Ugly Issues Gay Cowboys are Forced 
to Contend With” (MAD #463). I feel 
that there are some things about us 
“Indians” that you should be aware of: 

1) We are NOT “Squaws” — this is a 
white man’s term, not ours. 2) Before 
Europeans came here, we honored 
homosexuals as wise people. They 
were called “Two Spirits” because they 
understood things from both the male 
and female perspective. They were also 
teachers and were allowed to marry. It 
wasn’t until the white men came with 
their warped ideas that some of us 
changed. Love your mag, though! 


Carol Schneider 
Susquahannock/Cherokee, Dundee, NY 


HEY! CHECK OUT THE 
WAMPUM ом THAT SQUAW! 
AND SHES GIVING YOU 


O 
Carol-Full-of-Monkeys — Dammit, уоште right! 
We gave John Caldwell (the author of the Gay 
Cowboy piece) a $5,000 research budget 
10 get all of the facts straight. It looks 
like John took that money and blew it ¥ 
all on his gambling addiction. On 
the plus side, he tends to frequent (Sy 
the Native-American owned = 
Mohegan Sun casino, so, in a 
way, he did pay tribute to your 
people! Thanks tor writing and see 
you at the Pow-Wow! —Ed. 


7 7 7 
READER ALERT 1 
Everyone lucky enough to have their letter 
printed on this Letters Page will be sent 
a DVD of the The Producers (starring 
Matthew Broderick 
and Nathan Lane 
and rated PG-13) 
courtesy of our 
friends at Universal 
Home Video. For 
those of you who 
didn't have their 
letters printed, (or 
can't get to the 
Broadway show) 
the DVD is avail- 
able May 16! 


Your “MAD Presents iToons” article 
(MAD #463) was one of the best I've 
ever read. Despite numerous attempts 
to get my parents to buy me an iPod, 
the only thing Гуе gotten out of it is a 
broken CD player. When I read the arti- 
cle, 1 decided that maybe it's safer to 
not have an iPod! 


Victoria Price, St. Peters, МО 


Sugor and Spice and Everything Price — Yeah, 
maybe your parents didn't get you an iPod for 
your own safety, but we're pretty sure they're 
just super cheap! Enjoy that "safe" busted CD 
player — now, if you'll excuse us, we have to 
go and listen to one of the 15,000 songs we 
have on our iPod! —Ed. 


" > " 
ENVELOPE OF 
Hey, thanks for printing my envelope in 
the September 2004 issue. it was a big 
deal for те to see some of my stuff in 
print. Yeah, I know I need to get out more. 
I thought I would put the screws to your 
regular guy Jim (Hutchings) the Canuck 
with another envelope plus a little challenge 
propaganda. If you like the art and a little 
friendly competition, then I'll keep sending 
them as inspiration strikes. 


Matt Handfield, Holyoke, MA 


HE MON 


Talk to the Handfield — We applaud your 
patriotic attempts to bring the coveted Envelope 

of the Month title back to the good ol’ U.S. of A! 
And while we have nothing against a little friendly 
competition, we would hate to see this turn into a 
Biggie/Tupac-style feud! That being said, Jim, 
Matt is clearly goading you into a fight. Are you 
going to take that? We wouldn't even be surprised 
if he had a hand in the recent disappearance of 
your last Envelope of the Month (see Letters Page 
MAD #463). Don't disappoint us, Jim, we eagerly 
await your response to Ман! —Ed. 


NTANING ме 
ТОРО 
NAT HANDEN CHALLENGE TO ам HUTCHINGS 


MAD KIDS #4 ON SALE JULY 18! 


NEXT MON MONTH IN 
MAD #467 
ON SALE JUNE 13! 


REJECTED CARS From 
THE MOVIE CARS! AND 


WE DECONSTRUCT 
THE DAILY SHOW! 


MAD CLASSICS #8 
ON SALE JUNE 13! 


20 PAGES on SUPERMAN, 


THE 1980's TY CLASSIC 
MIAMI VICE, AND THE SCARY |“ 
FLICK THE OMEN! 


4624211 


William М. Gaines founder 
John Ficarra editor 


Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola, 
Jonathan Bresman senior editors 


Amy Vozeolas, Greg Leitman, 
Dave Croatto associate editors 
Nick Meglin contributing editor 
Dick DeBartolo creative consultant 


Art Department: 
Sam Viviano art director 


Nadina Simon associate art director 
Patricia Dwyer assistant art director 
Ryan Flanders, Brian Durniak, 
Doug Thomson production artists 
Leonard Brenner graphics consultant 


Administration: 

Paul Levitz president and publisher 
David McKillips vp ~ associate publisher 
Richard Bruning senior vp « creative director 
Georg Brewer vp» design k DC direct creative 
Patrick Caldon executive v finance & operations 
Chris Caramalis vp + finance 

John Cunningham vp* marketing 

Terri Cunningham vo * managing editor 
Stephanie Fierman ٢ ٢ 
Alison Gill vp -manufacturing 

Rich Johnson yp book tade sales 

Hank Kanalz vp белег! manager = Wildstorm 
Lillian Laserson senior vp & general counsel 
Paula Lowitt senior vp- business & legal affairs 
John Nee vp business development 

Gregory Noveck senior vp cativ гіс 

Cheryl Rubin senior vp «brand management 
Jeff Trojan vp burners development, D direct 
Bob Wayne vp- sales 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
the usual gang of idiots 


FOR ADVERTISING INQUIRIES ONLY, 
PLEASE CALL 212-636-5520! 


For Subscription Questions: 

Goto the MAD website! All you need is your 
nameand zip code to renew, change your 
address, give a gift subscription, check 
your account balance and expiration dates 
orto request a missing issue. Just go to 
www.madmag.com or call 1-800-4MADMAG 
(0.5. and Canada only) or write to Р.О. Box 
52345, Boulder, CO 80322-2345! Please DO 
NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our New York 
office — we're too dumb to help you here! 


How To Reach Us: 

Please Address Correspondence To: 
MAD, Dept. 466, 1700 Broadway, 
New York, New York, 10019. 


MAD welcomes reader submissions. 
Manuscripts will not be returned or 
acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, 
stamped envelope! MAD doesn'tread 
faxed submissions! 


FAXMAD AT 212-506-4848! 
VISIT OUR WEB SITE! MADMAG.COM 


Stupid Hobbies of Stupid People cette кап 
anta Recliner Spelunker 
^ Diligent Springs, Oregon 

Liverwurst Whittler 


You hippie jackass! You go to college for a few years and think that gives you the 
divine right to publicly humiliate me and other hard-working people? You think 
by creeping up on me with a megaphone and a video camera youre magically 

going to cure me of a deadly addiction I've enjoyed for over a decade? 


Besides, you have your facts 
wrong, Cigarettes save lives! 


7 YOU'RE NOT EVEN CLOSE 

{ TO FULLY ENGORGED, | 

\ ARE YOU, LITTLE DUDE? 
~ и 
We y Wink Knuckles 

№ Sputum, Georgia 

ў Tick Whisperer 


We are TRUTH! A national, non-profit organization that 
educates the public about the dangers of smoking! Big tobacco is 
responsible for creating addicts! We are committed to preventing 

the weak from dumping millions into an industry that profits 


Do you know how 
many poisons уоште 

releasing into your 

body? How do you 
figure they save lives? 


Because if I didn't have the mellowing 
sensation of carcinogenic nicotine coursing 
through my veins right now, | would beat 
you to death with that megaphone! 


If you're a keen teen lookin’ for 
awesome advice, then just... 


Wife of our beloved 

Vice President. For candid 
counseling on sensitive 
subjects, Mrs. Cheney always 
has your best interests at heart. 


Dear Mrs. Cheney: 


ee 


The other day a couple of my 
friends were bullying a ninth 
grader. I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I start- 
ed bullying the kid too. What worries me is that I really 
liked it and want to do it again. I've never been a “bad” 
kid before, but now I'm afraid that I can’t help it. What 


DON'T BELIEVE should ao 
THE HYPE — THIS YEAR’S —A Troubled Teen 
BOAT HON IN LAS MAS. Dear Troubled: 
S THE WO! | А 
A TEN YEARS/ You sound like a young man who wants to do the right 


thing. Hooray for you! But sometimes doing the right 
thing is tricky. “Bullying,” of course, is wrong. Really, 
really, really wrong. But sometimes, some people, in cer- 
tain situations need to be “strenuously persuaded,” and 
that’s where a fine American with your — let's call them 
“proclivities” — comes in. So the question you should be | 
asking yourself is: “Where can а fine young American, { 
such as myself, engage in my God-given 'proclivities' in / 
service to my country?” What if I told you that the { 
answer to that astute question was: “A sparkling beach in 1 
| 
| 


€— کس‎ арц 


the Caribbean, just 90 miles south of Miami”? Sound 

good? Well, it gets even better! Your good ol’ Uncle Sam 
owns a breathtaking stretch of beachfront property in И 
Cuba known affectionately as “Gitmo.” Maybe you've f 
seen it on TV or read about in the newspaper. There are 
lots of young fellas there with similar “proclivities” to J 
yours, so you'll make lots of friends. And, best of all, 

you'll have endless opportunities to “strenuously per- 

suade” many suspected terrorists, The federal govern- 

ment will supply all the car batteries and attack dogs you 
need. You just bring your swimming trunks! And remem- 

ber: Bullying is wrong. Really, really, really wrong. 


Remember! If you're an angst-ridden adolescent with a 
prickly problem, don't hesitate to ASK LYNNE CHENEY. 


CONFUSING ROADSIGNSIO — ett 


7 “Workers Ahead” 
^ " "Мо Parking 
gy crew between 8:304M 
| and 5:30 PM" 


“No Peeing here 
"Beware of ) between 8:30AM 
Peeping Toms” and 5:30 PM” 


“Be Courteous, 
Curb Your Elephant” 


and the new Guy pulled out his badge and said, 
Son, | am with the FBI and your number is up...1 

Бигред the words “eat me” to the tune of “Beat |" 
and did a quick back handspring out of the window...” 


THEFUNDALINIPAGES 


FIRST DRAFT EXCERPTS FROM 
JAMES FREY’S 

“A MILLION LITTLE PIECES” 

THAT EVEN HIS PUBLISHER THOUGHT 

WERE ТОО LOOPY TO PRINT 


^| wake to the screams of terrified passengers 
and the feeling of something warm dripping 
down my chin. It is my Liver. 1 quickly tuck it back 
where it should be, scrape the broken teeth out 
of the hole in my cheek, and, though temporarily 
blinded by the vomit that has sealed my eyes 
shut, manage to choke-slam the four Islamic fun- 
damentalists that have hijacked the plane. It isn't 
until | get us safely landed that | realize | need to 
wring the Urine out of my corduroys, " 


"ат an Alcoholic and 

Тат a Drug Addict and | 

am a Criminal and | am a 
Spokesmodel that abuses Diet 
Pills and | am Bingo-holic and 
Lam a Meat-eater and | am 
Man Who Loves too Much 
and | am a Club-Footed, 
Steroid-Using Figure Skater.” 


"Му system is poison 
| start gagging and as | gag, | crawl to the front 
of the tollet... vomit, The vomit is full of bloody 
bile and brown sh*t I have never seen before. 
Chunks of rotting organs. 

Fragments of tongue. 

A tiny '75 Ford Pinto Matchbox...It won't stop, 
It heaves and It comes in violent contractions. 


"Doctor Stevens pulls up the stool...| want to hog 
tie you while we're doing the Root Canals. 

Why? 

Because James, once | am done twisting your 
exposed nerves with this bayonet and sanding 
down your festering gums, sans anesthesia or pain 
medication, we'll be dropping you, head first, into 
a vat of pesticide to see if you can break free. 
Fine.” 


Up. 
Through my burning, swollen Lips. 
The Volcano. 

In one deep white-pained spasm | rocket, 
through my Nostrils, my own 'Nads.” 


THE About ١ FUNDALINI PHOTO EXCLUSIVE! 
DA VINCI CODE 8 1 UNDENIABLE 
Sho a ٢ PRESIDENT BUSH 
Protesting WHEN HE SAID 
HE DIDN'T KNOW 
DISGRACED 
LOBBYIST 
JACK 
ABRAMOFF! 


SPACE 
MOUNTAIN 


.. That graphic depictions of torture within 
the” Opus Der" organization will only serve to 
give Donald Rumsfeld fresh ideas. 


..That its daim that there are living descendants 
of Jesus Christ will only serve to make the ego- 
tripping Kanye West even more unbearable. 


That by alleging that the most important figure in 
human history was actually a woman, The Da Vinci Code 

will further persuade Hillary Clinton to continue her 
idiotic, ill-fated presidential campaign. 


„Та forcing Audrey Tatou to make out with the 

alarmingly lumpy, Pat Riley-haired Tom Hanks will 
just give the French a justifiable reason to hate us 
more than they already do. 


., That the direction of a long, heavily-plotted, 450-page novel was entrusted to director Ron Howard, 
the same guy who horribly botched a 61-page Dr. Seuss book, How the Grinch Stole Christmas. 


That the movie is taking up the precious time of angry Catholics, who should still be directing their 
outrage toward the Church's handling of the pedophile priests scandal. 


FRIENDS OF FUNDALIN| 


LENA y زو‎ ٢ 
Though we haven't read the book or seen the movie, somebody told us that in the The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown alleges 
that Leonardo da Vinci hid secret clues in his famous painting, The Last Supper. Among them: Jesus and Mary 
Magdalene were lovers and had children, the first of whom they named “Butch.” While this isunproven, upon a detailed 
cursory look at the painting, we uncovered many other “secret clues,” which escaped the author's attention... behold... - 


repr‏ وي 


Dl وس‎ | NS 


7 272) | 


Christian magicians note that 
Bartholomew, the Apostle on 
the extreme left, is readying 
himself to do the “watch me 
yank the tablecloth out with- 
out disturbing anything on 
top of it” trick — perhaps for 
the first time in history. 


The amount of light in the sky seen in the windows 
and doors in the background show that this 
Last “Supper" in fact took place in the mid- 
afternoon, a discreet reminder to those who 
viewed the artwork in the Middle Ages to hurry 
down for the Early Bird special at Vespucci's 
Pizza, Pasta & More, a small bistro in which 
da Vinci owned a partial interest. 


Connect the nine largest pieces of bread 
on the table and a straight line is 
formed. There are nine spaces on each 
side of a Monopoly board, not counting 
corner spaces, and a player travels 
Fach of the Apostles’ robes corresponds to the Color dowiethem in a straight line. Could the 
of a marshmallow in a box of Lucky Charms cereal. Holy Grail be buried under a little green 
Biblical scholars disputed this until General Mills | house on Mediterranean Avenue? 
added blue diamonds, purple horseshoes, and red 
balloons in 1975, 1984 and 1989, respectively, ful- 
filling an ancient prophecy hinted at in Revelations. 


[RHER- SCOTT MAIKO - ARTIST: LEONARDO DA VINCI. 


oer den.‏ بو ووي 


da Vinci biographers insist he did most of his 
painting early in the morning while thinking 
about what he was going to have for breakfast 
that day; that the ceiling of the room in which 
Christ and the Apostles sit resembles a waffle 
iron would seem to support this. Others claim 
that The Last Supper is an unfinished work, and 
that the artist painted the masterpiece over a 
billboard for a 15th century appliance store. 


To focus the eye on Christ, da Vinci placed three windows in fE 

the background with the largest, the middle window, directly |l Simon The Zealot, the Apostle on the 
behind His head, creating a sort of halo around Him as He extreme right, is clearly gesturing 
beams calmly. In Ha/o 2, you can jump on the beam under the with both hands toward Jesus, the 
middle window around the medic hut and avoid being sniped significance Of which, according to 
or grenaded. Experts say this may indicate that the legendary. restaurant scholars, is to make sure 
Priory of Sion, keepers of the Holy Grail, are now working as the waiter gives Christ the check. 
videogame developers at Bungie Studios. 


‘Thomas, the sixth apostle from 
the right is pointing up with his f 
finger, indicating the correct [ERIS Look carefully at the third apostle from the right, Matthew, 
way the posters of the Fresco and note that he is swaying his arms to his side, in a move 
| were to be hung. evocative of a hula dance. Various historians say this 
= indicates that the Holy Grail may well be found hidden in 
a volcano on the island of Kauai; or, more likely today, in 
the tiki mug collection of some sad aging hipster. 


LAST SUPPER ART COURTESY 


Harvey's the Why? Lots Watching a 
biggest football 
Look at the size Oh, come on. 


repeat of 
nut | know. last year’s 
Super Bowl? 


of those players! Î Lots of football 
They gotta b 


that excited. 
players are 


YOU COMPETE ME DEPT. 
Yeah, but we're watching 


е РЕ у 
БС) MAD WORLDS. 


Agreed! My client gets a five 
million dollar signing bonus, three 
million for post-game interviews, 

and another eight million in 
guaranteed product endorsements. 


Now how much 
are you going to 
pay him to PLAY? 


WRITER: STAN SINBERG 


ARTIST: MARC HEMPEL 


He broke an arm 
and a leg trying 
Mr. Potter? | have ушай to пке а tackle. You're sure 
bad news about у it's Sean? He also has a mild 
your son, Sean. concussion and they 
had to carry him out 
on a stretcher. 


I'm sure. 


It sucks 
that you 
|| didn't make | 
the school 


1 still can't believe I know, its Yee We've been waiting 
that the Red Sox amazing... 86 years for this! 
actually won а World Муу em 
7| Series for the first || A ' 4 


You don’t have 
to worry about 
me, coach. 


Kenny! 
4 oP 5 
v 


Y 


m{ What is f It's about 
it, dear? 1 Sean... 


A 


preparing for this game 
MY WHOLE LIFE. 


Where до you GET Actually, it’s the eighth dumbest 

this stuff? That's the statistic, pulling ahead of a stat in 

the 1974 Notre Dame-Army game 
in which a left-footed kicker... 


f That was only the 11th time that 
f| a third baseman has hit a double 
with one out in the 7th inning on dumbest "statistic" 

the 3rd Tuesday in August! I've ever heard! 


Hey, look! 
That's Jerry Phillips — 
our school's star 
running back! 


On my new | Right, the Absolutely, I'm 
training regimen || stuff with all running into the 
I'm drinking eight Щ the vitamins bushes to take a whiz 
glasses of “perfor- and electrolytes. every five minutes! 

Has it helped 
your running? 


Hi, Jerry. | didn’t 
know you're into 
modern dance. 


We have nothing 
to compare it to. 
Another brutal 
beating. Do you ||| don’t know, 
guys like losing? ЈИ coach... 


I'm choreographing 
my new end zone 


celebration routine. 


Qe HOWIE DOODY DEPT. 


I'm Howdy Mudane, and I'm standing 
inside a set constructed of 2 X 4s, 
frosted Plexiglas and theatrical lighting 
designed to look like a high security vault! 
But let's face it, how much security do 
you need to protect 26 cardboard signs 
hat say anything from "one penny" to 


Tonight we will give someone in the For the entire hour, all a contestant gets to 
audience the chance to pick one of say is “Deal” or “No deal.” But those words 


these cases and take home whatever's can have a major impact on a person's life! 


inside! In this game there are no Last night a contestant turned down 


crazy stunts and no trivia questions! gy $178,000 cash by saying, "No deal!” She went || 
And after you see how dull it is, you'll | || ` home with just $20! Actually, she didn't go 


wish that we had some crazy stunts home with anything! Her body is still swinging 


1,000,000”? Who's gonna steal those? d and some interesting trivia questions! from where she hung herself backstage! 


WRITER: DICK DEBARTOLO ARTIST: HERMANN MEJIA 


Cue the lights! Cue the dramatic music! 
‘This is my favorite part of the show! 
Seeing our 26 leggy supermodels in their sexy 
outfits coming on stage! It takes one minute, 
which means | only have to breathe life into the 
other 59 minutes! And trust me: it isn't easy! 
In order to play this game, a contestant has 
to be lucky, gutsy and not easily bored! 

Its time to pick our first contestant from out 
of our audience tonight! Welcome Adam Levil 


‘Adam, each beautiful lady is holding a case 1 don't know what's in 
numbered from 1 to 26! Inside those cases are the cases, and our lovely 
26 signs that represent various amounts of money models don't know, either! 
from one penny to one million dollars! And in my The audience doesn't know 
spell-it-out-so-any-idiot-can-understand-it-clearly what's in the cases and 
way, | want to be perfectly certain that you do under- | | the people at home dont — 
stand that it is more to your advantage to win one 
million dollars than to win one penny! دا‎ that clear? f | understand! | know you have 
E | to kill time, but let's play the Ё 
Yes, | understand! freaking game already! 


We asked you 
to pick a case and 
you picked case #91 


Er... maybe the 
producers felt the 1 
million dollars was in || really 
case #9 too and they || wanted 
didn't want to take any jÎ the 
chances! But case #9, one 
case #5, who cares? 


| know! But 
| picked case #91 
Why did they 


1 
bring me case #5? picked! 


You're nervous! And 
with our tricky lighting 
its easy to make a 
mistake like that! And 
it could happen again! 
And it probably will! 
Especially with the 
bigger amounts! 


Yes, it is best when you that 
get rid of the smallest || was one || 
amount of money, but penny 
[ look at case #17 again! | when | 
lj brought it closer so you || opened 
was one Щ can see it better! It's not 
penny! 14. it's $100,000! 


Welcome back from the break. What do 
We know that to many viewers the 
commercials are more entertaining РЦ 
‘than our game, so we had Adam 
continue to play! While you were 
watching the commercials, Adam 
opened six more cases! Here are the 


amounts left in the remaining cases! currency? 


You know, 
Adam, for 
someone who 
wanted to 
get the game 
going. you're 
sure slowing 
it down! 


Adam, you asked 
for case #9 but we 
brought you case 
#5, which you didn't 
want! So we fixed it 
by giving you case 
#11, and we threw 
out cases 9 and 5! 


Threw them 
out?! Won't that 
throw the game 

off? Suppose 

one of those 
cases had the 
million dollars? 


2 


Ep. 


J 
L 


No, someone 
more important! 


I'm now going 
to introduce 
you to a very | 

important 


for support! 


& 


سو 
Yes, it's the banker! He‏ 
offers us contestants‏ 
money not to go on‏ 
if he thinks we'll win‏ 


too much! But so far 
I don't seem to be 
on a winning streak! 


I don't know! Those cases 
were left over from all the 
foreign versions of this show 
and it seemed a waste not to 
use them! Let's pick — wait a 
minute! The phone is ringing! 
Do you know who that is? 


j More important? Then || 
|j it has to be the people 
1 brought to the studio 


Ah. so whats the 
big deal? Money 


isn't everything! 


You said you liked 
to play games! Let's 
not spoil it by being 
greedy! Now pick a 


different case! 


Way more 
important 
than them! 
Its the guy 
who bought 
these 


That's why the |j 
banker is offering 
you $2.50 to quit! 
Мо, no, wait! He's 
going higher! He's 

going all 

the way to $3 

if you quit now! 


[J rejected the bank's offer on 21 is [PB] models make- 
of 531 And trust me; he broken, up case! She 
may never get an offer рашы pick got confused в 
that high again! Adam, another [M] backstage! Pick | 

pick your next case! another one! 


1 Howdy, you must have your cards 


mixed up. I'm Annie, and | have 
case #191 Mandy has case #151 
choice! 
Amy, open Oh, it doesn't matter! Go 
the case! ahead, Annie, open case #19! 


Contestants Tm Allison 
always bring Voyant, Dubois, 
along family ог @ fortune || afortune || a psychic, 

nds to help teller, || teller! and 
them decide a I must say 1 agree 
what to do! psychic ||| it looks like Adam 
Adam, tell us who anda Adam is not is not in 
you've brought! || lawyer! || doing well! || top form! 


Howdy, I'm so glad you 
had Annie open case #19! 
There's only $5 in it! What a 
break for me! 1 get rid of 
another low amount! 


1 agree with 
the fortune 
teller and the 
psychic! I'm 
a lawyer and it 
just cost Adam 
$5,000 for me 
to say this! 


26 has those rusty 
hinges that sound like 1 


13? Are you 
crazy? 13's 


nails on a blackboard! ИИ an unlucky 


| can't stand that 
sound! Don't open it! 
Pick another one! 


Adam. the banker 
is on the phone! 


1 didn't think I had 
that much money 
on the winning 
side of the board 
for him to make 
an offer yet! 


But I was wrong to make you 
choose case #19 when you wanted 
case #151 So we've decided to open 
case #15 which was $1,000,000! 
Lets take that off the board! 


f v] 


It has nothing to do 
with the money on the 
board! The banker is 
offering you $22,000 
to dump the lawyer! 
He could be trouble! 


No deal! The 
lawyer stays! 


You're Okay, but we'll Here's your final Adam, | just The banker says you have a one-in- 
playing And have to eliminate board, Adam: Where | | host the show! three chance of winning $50,000! But 
hardball, @ can you another three three cases left! are 1 can't answer he doesn't want you to go home with 
Adam, but Щ translate Î cases! By the One contains || the cases technical | $50,000! So he's offering you a 
so аге wel Щ those Щ way, your lawyer $5, one contains with questions! $22,000 CD with 6.5% interest 
Throw six Щ amounts f just left with two $500 and the Besides compounded daily for 2,300 days! And 
more cases Щ into U.S. Щ of our models! one contains || big dollar ја the phone he wants your life-changing decision 
off the set! j Currency! Щ Tough break! $50,000! amounts? || is ringing! { __поће..аћег this commercial! 


‘Adam, | have to tell a So now you have a 50/50 chance that 
you that the offer How could the odds I'm afraid that was my fault, you're going to win $5 or $500! Because 
from the bank is less change in favor of Adam! During the commercial, the odds of you winning anything more 
now because during Щ the bank? They were | | the case | was holding accidentally ||| than a paltry $500 are small, the banker 
the commercial the Ё з to 1 that | would win | | fell open. so it had to be removed || has gone home! And so have the friends 
odds changed in $50,000, and | haven't || from the game! Unfortunately. you brought! So you might as well open 
favor of the bank! opened any cases! it was the one with $50,000! the case you have to see what you won! 


1 don't know how it Ноу &*%$H That's never supposed WET its rare, but yes. sometimes our cases do blow 
happened, Howdy. to happen! But in an astonishing up! But you don't go home empty-handed! In 
but my case turn of events like this, there's situations like this, we go back to what we feel 
has ONE MILLION another button on the desk that ; was in the previous case! So Adam, here's your 
DOLLARS inside! I've been instructed to push! 55 and thanks for playing DULL OR NOT DULL! 


CRY ta мр, Wa NE 
OCASO 
NE. - د‎ 


^s‏ | راو من 


I'm a respected Shakespearean actor, 
I'm a respected Shakespearean actor, 
I'm a respected Shakespearean actor... 
Oh, who am | kidding — Рт a hack! 


There's 
something 
terribly wrong 
with the flash 
on your camera! 


| should've 
listened 
when they 
said there 
might be 
side effects 
to Lasik 
eye surgery! 


Yes, | do go 
to Supercuts — 
why do you ask? 


It's true, I'm а black man who's a 
Republican — but that doesn't mean 
Pm some sort of mutant like the X-Men! 


He's on 
the loose — 
break out 
the 
bird flu 


vaccine! 


They put 
a guy ina 
wheelchair in a 
movie called 
The Last STAND — 
what kind 
of insensitive 
bulls#$% 
is that?! 


Do | have any 
blueberries 
stuck in 
my teeth? 
| hate the way 
1 look 
when that 
happens! 


I'm thinking about getting 
my nose pierced next. 


What do 
you mean 
Natalie Portman 
already tried this 
gimmick in 
V For Vendetta? 


y 


I've been 
sitting here 
for 40 minutes — 
what good is 
controlling 
magnetism 
when | can't 
even control my 
own bowels?! 


| 


چ 


n 5 ТАКЕ ME OUT TO THE RALL GAME DEPT. 


ATTENTION STUDENTS: AS PER 
A NEW SCHOOL BOARD POLICY, 
SCIENCE CLASSES WILL NO 


T PERIODS 
CLOSER 
TO DEATH 


A E RENEE 

| BOARD VOTE 5-4 ] 

EA | 
UE P ya Sl gy 


“TO BE FAIR TO OUR ASIAN 
STUDENTS, SO WILL THE 
MONGOLIAN CREATIONIST 
MYTH OF ULGEN TENGER.” 


ULGEN TENGER, RULER OF THE 
UPPER WORLD, ASKED A LOON— 

| AND LATER A риск TO PULLUP 
LAND FRoM THE LOWER 


WN THEORY OF EVOLUTION AS THE 
SOLE EXPLANATION OF HOW WE 
CAME TO BE. 


|" 


“SINCE OUR CHINESE STUDENTS 
DON'T ADHERE TO MONGOL 
BELIEFS, THEY WILL BE 
ACCOMODATED TOO.” 


ADDITIONAL 
CREATION MYTHS 
WILL BE TAUGHT 
UPON REQUEST 
J BY E-MAIL 
ANDJOR РАХ. 


WHO CAME UP 
WITH THE IDEA OF 
TREATING EVERY 
IDEA AS EQUALLY 
VALID? 


WELL, THERE 
ARE SEVERAL 
THEORIES 

ABOUT THAT... 


РАМСЕ, РАМСЕ e y 
DEVOLUTION DEPT 

It’s prom season! 

And that means one thing — 


you're probably not going! ГА 

Well, two things — 

it’s also time to pick a theme e 

for your prom! Here's a tip, 

though — it's going to be 

lame no matter what you 

choose, so do yourself a favor 

and just pick “Under the Sea” 

or “Starry, Starry Night” or وې‎ 
m0 4 


something and steer clear ој... TERESA BURNS PARKHURST 


| 7 ton was wondering Ё wed o 
be gethng wallet-sized prints] 


Мад] just went out to 
get my inhaler nA ther | 7 


hun gummed me! 


Nite forensic feemnoloaf | 
Kevin but NO- T do not 
want à sample of 


ü 


ee ПК 


y 
0 


E | Б ( PY 
E) 5; 2% | m whtn on add 
> E Jacgermeister. 


Wert age fot JAYS sting’ 


Wee in 1۸ 9 


eS 


You Know what Taco? I dort 
Really дме a cage that You 
think Mis ls cool Ton Ruined 
{ mý last dress with 083% 
^| дате лем о gun 6 
and sand! 


I think these guys played at my Gran feci 


1 kind of like 
this version f 
١ слема оем. 


Yon ste where the bathroom is ^ 


е Were dancing on it. ЈЕ 
Eo] 
ابت‎ Fe 


T did Ken ба n 
could pusee chicken WIN, 
e 7 


Vincent, I personally concider Your ne 
Human hese Match ee | D شم‎ и P^ Md 


brilliant and 0-007 
4 


QUEER AS FOLKS DEPT. 


bout how difficult it is to have gay parents. But that’s” A 
о ded! It's difficult to have parents, PERIOD! And while 

parents can be great, they can also be a real pain — and gay parents y 
exception, as you'll see in our insightful evaluation... 


Advantage: Though it’s not impossible, it’s highly unlikely that 
your parents will at some point turn into Conservative Republicans. 


Advantage: Since most religions consider them an “abomination 
of the Lord,” most gay parents won’t be nagging you to go to church. 


Advantage: Having two male parents in the house 
means no inane lectures about leaving the toilet seat up. 


sE In Liberal circles, having 
Advantage: Your mother can't threaten gay parents is the next 


you with “Wait *til your father gets home!” best thing to being a 


downtrodden minority. Advantage: it’s a well-known 
statistical fact that Halloween 
costumes made by gay parents 
WRITER: BARRY LIEBMANN ARTIST: RICK TULKA net 43% more candy. 


Disadvantage With gay parents, your room 
not only has to be clean, it has to be FABULOUS. 


Di је: When introducing your parents to 
disapproving friends, it's easy to forget which one is supposed to 
be your “dad” and which one is supposed to be your “live-in uncle.” 


Disadvantage: Your horn-dog friends won't be able to look 
at your mothers without fantasizing about them having sex. 


Disadvantage: Not only do you have to buy 
two presents for Mother’s Day, you also have to 
get Father’s Day gifts for the sperm donor and 
the technicians at the in-vitro clinic. 


Disadvantage: You think tube socks are a terrible birthday gift? 


Wait until you get a dozen copies of Heather Has Two Mommies. : Every other kid is allowed to be ashamed 


Disadvanta: 
of their parents, but if you are, you're labeled а homophobe. 3 


IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


E Planet TAD! 
| (QU) http://www.galaxyo'blogs.com/planettad 


"ns 


[21 May|10:37am] 


[^ 


Ugh. I don't feel so good. 
I spent five hours yesterday 
at Evan's house, switching 
between playing We Love 
Katamari and watching 
That '70s Show reruns on 
FX. Then I came home and 
spent the whole night 
dreaming that I was го 

up a lot of little Wilmer 
Valderramas and Laura 
Prepons into a giant ball 


[23 May|08:03pm] 


A Greataunt, Katie 


Oh, man. So I came down to breakfast this (not, dea 
morning, and my mom looked really sad, and my 
dad said: "Your great-aunt Sophie died yesterday." 
And I said, "Which one was she?" And my dad 
said, "She was your mother's father's sister." 
And I said, "The one with the bright-red hair?" 
And my mom said, "No. That's your great-aunt 
Katie. Sophie's the one with the cane." And 1 
said, "Oh! You mean the mean one who always 
ked her terrier up by the neck? Wasn't she 
dead already?" And my dad gave me a look that 
told me that that was the wrong thing to say. 


[22 May|02:58pm] 


Attention, friends of Tad! 


If you go onto MySpace and find this profile with my name 
on it, please be aware that IT IS NOT my profile! It is a fake 
profile that my friend Chet put up. He thought it would be 
funny. But if I had a MySpace profile, I wouldn't list my 
interests as "nose-picking, butt-scratching, playing classical 
banjo and dressing up like a girl." I don't even like the banjo. 


However, rest assured that this profile of Chet is the real one. 
Honestly, I'm as surprised as anyone to find out that Chet 
cried at the end of Titanic and still wets the bed, but if that's 
what his profile says, then it must be true. 


My little sister Sophie's pretty upset — 
she was named for our great-aunt 
Sophie. She came into my room tonight 
and said, "Where do you think aunt 
Sophie went?" And I gave her the same 
answer my parents gave me when our 
golden retriever died: Great-aunt 
Sophie was taken to a farm where she 
gets to spend all day chasing rabbits 
and playing with other great aunts. 


That seemed to make her happy. 


A AVINUNO мутча 1512uv 113۸٧2 WIL HALIM 


[ралацез سا‎ |poow) 


[widzo:€0|Aew zc] 


{wdos:eo|Aew 92] 


[pajzznd v |роош] 


[wdzt:zolAew Sz] 


Џејпба! Apybls we Іроош] 
Гшаве:ро|Аем sz] 


[uidgz:so|Aew tz] 


E HANKS GIVING TURKEY DEPT. 


a us, I’ve done 
everything you’ve asked of me 
ou still afflicted me 
with backne! | 
تک‎ 


— Nevada! If you think this is 


= Sweeeet 
T I don't have this state - freaky, you should see the tattoo 
à quarter yet! . he’s got on his backside — 


Foghorn Leghorn! ۱ 


к= Superman, I know Don’t be 
you're not due for another Wy afraid, that's just director 
month or so, but 1 could use Ron Howard's creepy brother 
your help now! Clint — he puts him in all 
his movies! 


Cotes V dit 


4 I'm from the 
J/ Catholic League — we warned 
سي‎ to identify this film 


as fiction! 


R REA 


SERVICE SECTION 


GO FETCH! 


DAND DO 811018113 NN! 
116 


LARA CROFT TOMB RAIDER: LEGEND | 


PS2, PSP, Yoox Xbox 360, PC - Eides 


Lara Croft is presented like never before with new graphic and 
animation sets, depicting Lara in the finest fidelity to date, Follow Lara as 
she travels the globe in search of one of history's greatest artifacts, With guns 
blazing, Lara must use her athletic ability and intelectual wits to explore vast, 
treacherous tombs, riddled with challenging puzzles and deadly traps. 


Right. Like ¡ts her “intellectual wits" that everyone is impressed by. 
What they're impressed by might rhyme with wits, but that's about as close as it gets. 


131010116 
Concrete To Canvas: CONCRETE TO CANVAS: 
Skateboorders Art SKATEBOARDERS' ART 


10 WATERHOUSE AND 
DAVID PENHALLOW 
سینا‎ + $1895 • 128 pages» April 

Be a part of the streetwise revolution 
in art and see how this book brings together a variety 
of skateboard art and features the hottest artists in 
the medium, You'll find commentary on each artist 
end examples of their work. 


Hey, we have bloodstains and caked-on 
hair on our board — does that count as art?? 


JUST LIKE THE FAMBLY CH CAT 
GRANDADDY 


12 Record + May © 


Grandaddy calls 
it quits with this, their fourth 
album. Frontman Jason Lyte 
says the title refers to how, 
when cats get sick, they'll 
just quietly disappear — 
and is a metaphor for the 
band’s departure. 


Cats quietly 
disappear when they get 
siok? Really? Ours nat only 
sticks around, but relphs 
all over the couch, 


ВОО 


ONE FINE 


STOOGE: 

A FRIZZY LIFE 

IN PICTURES 

STEVE COX AND 

JIM TERRY 

‘Comber Heute = $2436 320 pages = Apri! 
Its the life story of 

Larry Fine — the original frizzy- 

haired member of the classic 

comedy team The Three Stooges. 
Nyuck, пуш, 

nyuck — doink! 


(DIVI: 
TOMMY LEE GOES TO COLLEGE 


image Entertainment April 25 


The University of 
Nebraska at Lincoln welcomes a 
new student to its campus — 
notorious Mötley Crüe rocker 
Tommy Lee! Twice divorced and 
the single father of two boys, 
this fish-out-of-water flounders 
as ће faces the same challenges 
as any normal freshman — 
including finding a roommate, 
trying out for the marching band 
and cramming for finals. 


15 too bad none 
of Tommy Lee's finals involved 
steering a boat — he could pass 
that exam with both hands tied 
behind his back! 


ROGUE TROOPER AME j sports orr-cenrer 12.000 
PS2, Y, PC + Eidos SAYITAINTSO.COM PRESENTS 
Rogue, a biologically-engineered clone troop A SCRAPBOOK OF MODERN 
is determined to hunt down the traitor general who sent his B SPORTS CULTURE 
brothers-in-arms to their deaths. Rogue's arsenal includes Щ KEN WIDMENN AND DAN APPEL 


encoded biochips containing the died personalites of his te es на. 
fallen comrades, which are implanted in his gun (Gunnar), SPORTS | шшш 


helmet (Helm) and backpack (Bagman), and each offer their - 5 
full military experience at the players fingertips. EERE ENEE! The Hype: This sonf of 
SCRAPBOOK OF NODER) today's sports scene (from 
анн baseball and football to chess 
and video fishing) captures 
the nuances and foibles of 
our sports-obsessed culture, 


Great, just 
what we need — The Onion 
in a jock strap! 


5 ing 


So, if his backpack is named Bagman, 
his gun is named Gunnar, and his helmet is named Helm, 
we can only guess what part of his uniform is named 
Private Johnson. 


DIVID 
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE 
THE BEST OF COMMERCIAL PARODIES 


Universal Studios Home Entertainment • May 23 


Га 
From subtle to outrageous, sily to realistic, reaburing ng: 


‘commercial parodies have spy EN ال‎ un Up 1 


been one of the signatures 
of Saturday Night Live since 
its creation. Now you can 
enjoy favorites like “Colon 
Blow,” “Oops | Crapped My 
Pants" and “Schmitt's Gay" 
again and again. 

Given the 
phenomenal success of 
Brokeback Mountain, there's 
probably a deal already in 
the works to market 
Schmitt's Gay for real! 


MIUISIIIC tame пу p Alfred 
STADIUM ARCADIUM METROID ac prain, 0 


RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS PRIME БИК. 
Warner Bros, Music + May 9 HUNTERS 0 US 
The Chili Peppers set out to make a simple 13-song Nintendo DS + Nintendo 


An Exclusive 
Interview Witm 


ЇЇ ПЕШЕП 


rock album — but after unexpectedly recording 38 tracks, they 
toyed with the idea of releasing thre albums. In the end, they 
picked the best 25 songs for this long-awaited double-CD 


A mighty 
race known as the 
Alimbics, now extinct, 
lts а shame that all artists don't whittle down their |) kas left behind relics of 


CDs to only the best stuff — the next Black Eyed Peas album their once-powerful warrior culture, Now bounty hunters 
would clock in at 80 seconds, tops! from across the galaxy are racing against each other М & COD A 

to lay claim to these relics to harness their power for Xx انا‎ > 

themselves. Samus Aran's mission is to keep the ultimate DAN " 1 

= power from falling into the wrong hands. LAN 
Too late. Dick Cheney's already got it COLE 
LE 
|| 


RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS 


УШШ! 


1 ID] 
DOESN, 
STOP. 


EN GARDE, 50СІЕТҮ! COMEDY f roys BOOK 


ON SALE NO 


EUGENE MIRMAN 1 
لا اا سسسسټېګ نن‎ 
Recorded live at Piano's in New York City in October of Rizzoli Universe + $2251 • 224 pages • lori 
2005, En Garde, Society! is Mirman's second fulLlength solo comedy Get a look at the coolest and most coveted 
album (with DVD supplement) and his first for Sub Pop Records. collectible toys being made today. Using images and 


interviews with the artists, see haw this has grown into 


jety! 
шшк aou a worldwide phenomenon. 


а threatening message towards 
the US. — that's in French, 7 
This guy'll be shackled in 
Guantanamo before summer! 


Stop playing with that toy and put it on a 
nice, safe shelf somewhere — it may become a collectible! 


ае ћи 
EXER FILS 
LETT 


10 MUTANT- 
FILLED PAGES METAL GEAR SOLID: AMERICAN DAD! 


DIGITAL GRAPHIC NOVEL VOLUME ONE 


PSP лөт FOX Ноте Entertaiment Apri 25 
Comping the previously released Metal Gear Sold comic : From the creative minds behind Family Guy 
book series, Metal Gear Solid: Dii Graphis Novel includes اسا شا‎ E ftri : سب‎ Stan Smith, 
animations and sound effects. As viewers progress through the story, is outrageous family and Roger, the alcoholic extra- 
Classic Spools Û - they can scan the pages using the PSP's analog stick to uncover terrestrial who lives with them, Whether it's rigging 


points of interest. As they discover hidden content, they will complete f elections, erasing memories, casing sleazy strip clubs 


M the Metal Gear matrix and unlock additonal multimedia content. or staging “bum 
fights; its all 


Comic books on PSP? What's next, MAD Magazines in a day's work 


TH E M || ||| D LE! on DW? (How's that for a shameless plug?) for Stan. 
Ы 
1 With the sad 
N state of the CIA 


right now, even 
the most outra- 
geous American 
Dad! plotlines 
seem tame by 
comparison! 


fio ОТТ, 


BARREL FUNNEL, 2-CALLON 
WIRTHCO 


E-Z UZ Smart 
2-gallon non-tipping Бате! 

funnel prevents overfiling of 

standard 30- and 55-gallon 

drums. 2 in. NPS non-seizing 

brass threads affix funnel to drum. 

A vent tube controls backsplash and 

promotes faster draining. Made of durable 
chemical-resistant polyethylene. Height 

above barrel is 11 1/2 in. Includes an 
attached cover when not in use, Mfg Warranty: 
12 months parts/12 months labor. 


SPY US. SPY! 
ano MUCH MORE! 


CLAWS WE 
SAID 50! 


А labor warranty on a funnel? What, do 
they have you call funnel support and put you on hold 
while you wait to talk to а funnel tech in India? 


WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONES 


A 


©, 


v АРГ 


E SLINGING A DIFFERENT TUNE DEPT. 


Here's your problem: You have a “creative gift" inside If you can crack the code of what 
straining to get out and American Idol could be your ticket 10 makes an American Idol song work, you 
stardom, except for one thing: you can't sing. In fact, your voice сап make a ton of money in the business 
sounds like William Hung getting his epiglottis caught in and experience the thrill of watching some 
a rotating ceiling fan. arm-flailing lounge act wannabe get all 

But that's no reason to give up. Well, its okay to give up on the credit! 
singing, because you suck. But you can still be part of the record- Of course, it takes hard work to write 
ing, management and merchandising conglomerate that locks up a hit like Fantasia's / Believe. Do you have 
the contestants’ names and likenesses into contractual servitude what it takes to come up with this kind of 
until the year 2076 (aka “the American Idol family"). ud compelling lyrics: 


Love keeps lifting me higher 
Higher, higher, higher, higher 
Love keeps lifting me higher 7 
| Love keeps lifting me higher 
Love keeps lifting dje 5 ДУ 
| Love keeps lifting me higher 
Love keeps lifting me higher 


YOU САМ: ‘WRITE: 
¡THE¡NEXT=.., 
merican Idol? 

i == SINGLE! | 


ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


Top songwriters avoid clichés, 
and work hard to give their 
lyrics a fresh spin. Don't fall 
into that trap! 

American Idol viewers 
don't want to encounter any 
emotion, concept, or image 
that they're not familiar 
with. There's a reason 
McDonald's doesn't put 
tarragon on their Big Macs. 


Take something you 
already know they like, 
and use your imagination 
to tweak it just enough to 
not get sued. 


Only agoraphobic shut-ins have the time to vote 600 times on toll-free hotlines. 
le. And all they Know about life is what they see through the window. So concen- 
' = trate on the weather. Give them descriptions of the rain, stars, dawn and clouds. 
You'll probably want to skip over the slush, sandstorms and nor'easters. 


3 HIGHER American Idol ballads are fanatically devoted to height, whether it's lifting me up, 


THE 


soaring up above, or rising like the highest star. Please remember that, in contradiction 


> 
ITH 
—— 


1 A NIGHTN Seen one way, American Idol is all about making dreams come true. 
4 = Al NIGH TMARE Every hit song they release includes lyrics about dreaming dreamers 
ON FOX- T V: and their dreamy dreams, up to and including the simultaneous 


double-release of “Inside Your Heaven.” Both Carrie Underwood and 


THE DREAM WARRIORS Bo Bice swore to someone that “all my dreams are in your eyes.” 


We don't know who they're singing to, except that it raises the 
skeevy notion of a Carrie Underwood-Bo Bice threeway. 


E ادا‎ 
A fout fa sob ty Пий 
VE ША 


Kelly Clarkson 


"Can't, we make this 
dream Nast forever?” 


Quite likely, she was inspired 


by the “in perpetuity” EN N 1 Fantasia | 
p prn ile Zdreamed a hundred Y 


non-negotiable DE 
personal services contract. thousand dreams, 


it one dream per EN 
Y + iat. would make 
Diana DeGarmo 21021275 years old. 


* 
"Dreams are just The point is, Ido! гаг respond to dreams — as long 
Edreams, 161 76 as those dreams are expressed in ап assembly line 
stuck inside your head.” karaoke that makes Barry Manilow look like a blood- | 
guzzling goth. So why do dreams play such a centra 
part in the lyrics? It's because American Idol song- 
writers knock this crap out in their sleep! 


But we're sure a few hard 
raps to the side of her skull 
will shake them loose. 


5. CAN YOU BELIEVE 
THIS E 


ог 

The white trash demographic 
that supports American Idol 
isn't too big on “owning,” or 
“investing.” But “believing” is 
something in their price range. 

American Idol loves to sell 
believing. And once you can 
overlook the small detail of a 
hope-crushing elimination 
tourney that creates 6,000 
losers for every winner, it's all 
about believing in yourself! 
And by “success,” of course 


we mean...well, anything. 
“ 
e 


a | WED IE 

6. LOWER THE Fo CUN 
m m AI ВЛЕ Anything simple, inexpensive, and totally meaningless will do. 
MUS CAL BAR After all, you're not appealing to discriminating aesthetes here. 

The fans who love this music are the kind of people who still 

hopeless wannabes. Their prospects are low, so set talk about the unbelievable gourmet meal they had four years 


your lyrical sights even lower. Listen to the hit singles 98° at the Rainforest Cafe. 
of Kelly Clarkson, Carrie Underwood and Josh Gracin. These kinds of listeners are going to put themselves inside 
Settle for “A moment like this." “Every bit of air you're the song. So, be realistic! Here are some of the mundane themes 
breathin'." “The ground beneath me." that those human wrecks MIGHT have a shot at achieving: 

we A 


AMERICAN 
IDOL 


Always be sure to write for your core audience of 


5. CAN YOU BELI 
THIS ? 


The white trash demographic 
that supports American Idol 
isn't too big on “owning,” or 
“investing.” But “believing” is 
something in their price range. E ў 
American Idol loves to sell y e D y А C AMERICAN. 
believing. And once you can 4i a PIN = > IDOL 


overlook the small detail of a 
و‎ AUDITIONS 


hope-crushing elimination 
tourney that creates 6,000 
losers for every winner, it's all 
about believing in yourself! 
And by “success,” of course 
we mean...well, anything. 


6. LOWER THE 


Anything simple, inexpensive, and totally meaningless will do. 


ALICGIC AL RAI 

M USI CAL BAR After all, you're not appealing to discriminating aesthetes here. 

Al ite f li f The fans who love this music are the kind of people who still 
lwaus be Sure ق!‎ for Your, соге audience o talk about the unbelievable gourmet meal they had four years 


hopeless wannabes. Their prospects are low, so set 
your lyrical sights even lower. Listen to the hit singles 
of Kelly Clarkson, Carrie Underwood and Josh Gracin. 


Settle for “A moment like this.” “Every bit of air you're 
breathin'." “The ground beneath me.” that those human wrecks MIGHT have a shot at achieving: 


ago at the Rainforest Cafe. 
These kinds of listeners are going to put themselves inside 


the song. So, be realistic! Here are some of the mundane themes 


Many catchy songs аге beloved for their intricate lyrical structures 
and witty rhyming skills. But can any of them measure up to the 
Clay Aiken classic that ends with “I would be the smartest man / 
If | was invisible / Wait, | already am"? No chance! 


Study the technique in Clay's song, and learn from it. There's 
an internal rhyme. Well, there would be, if “man” rhymed with “am.” 
Then there's the use of iambs, a poetic rhythm which mimics the 
syllabic flow of speech, or at least until that falls apart in the sec- 
ond line. Then there's the obvious thematic connection between 
intelligence and invisibility...okay, this isn't going anywhere. 


The only rule is, there are no rules! (Except the rule whereby you 
sign away your copyrights to American Idol's publishing division.) 


Oddly enough, no American Idol song has followed each and every one of 
the above rules. Until now. 


We've taken the liberty of writing a hit song that includes EVERY ingredient 
for success. It can't miss! And we look forward to hearing this surefire classic 
blasting out of the mouth of Ace, or Ayla, or Bucky, or Snapper, or Trixie, or 
Goober or whichever interchangeable automaton wins the game this time. 
Call us, Simon! 


HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


^od MAD FOLD-IN 


WHAT GROUP OF 

MUTANTS WILL The blockbuster movie season is upon us and everyone’s 
YOU BE SEEING IN flocking to theaters to take in the latest spectacles. There 15 
| one group, however, that’s sure to stand out at the cinema. 
EVERY MULTIPLEX? To find out who this group of misfits is, fold page in as shown. 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT 


Ё 
4 » 


THIS COMING MAY, 
WHAT GROUP OF 
MUTANTS WILL 

YOU BE SEEING IN 

EVERY MULTIPLEX? 


ON PROM 
NIGHT 
А в 


