SPECIAL FULL-COLOR SECTION!) 


MAD 
DUMBEST”: 
199811 2 


#377 January 1999 Special Price $2.95 Cheap! 


| 01> 
5 | 


UNITED STATES 


0° 7447033230 


F Haunted by the Ghost of 
x, Christmas Presents? 


fo, = > GIVE A GIFT, GET A GIFT 
AND SAVE MONEY! 


Subscribe to MAD now and with your paid 

subscription we'll send you r2 dumh issues, plus a 
special gift — a FREE, full-color Erasable MA 

Memo Board and Pen! But WAIT! If you also send 

a gift subscription to a friend (or, better yet, enemy), 

we'll send them r2 dumb issues, plus the full-color 

Erasable MAD Memo Board and Pen too! AND we'll 

knock $2.00 off the regular gift subscription price! 

Ho ho ho! Fa fa fa! 


So don't wait for some fat guy in a red suit 
to drop down your chimney! Order now! 


Remember: With your paid subscription you'll 
receive this FREE Erasable MAD Memo Board! 


CALL 1-800- 4- MAD MAG 


BE SURE TO MENTION CODE 5CA RECEIVE YOUR FRE 


MON - FRI 8 A.M, - 11 P.M, Eastern i Time 9 A.M. - 6 P.M. SAT 
U.S.A. And Canada Orders Only! 


OR USE ONE OF THE ANNOYING POSTPAID CARDS 

INCONVENIENTLY STUFFED SOMEWHERE IN THIS 

ISSUE TO GET YOUR MAD SUBSCRIPTION ROLLING! 
IF POSTPAID CARD IS MISSING WRITE TO: 

MAD P.O. Box 52345, Boutper CO 80322-2345 

MAD D Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NUMBER 
377 


JANUARY 
1999 


“Yow can’t Larry Lo0e — but 
you can move up the wedding to 


accommodate the babys crrioal!” 


— fred E. Neuman 


William Gaines 
founder 


Jenette Kahn 
president & edilor-in-chief 


Paul Levitz 
executive vice president & publisher 
Nick Meglin & John Ficarra 


editors 


Editorial: 
Joe Orlando consulting editor 


Charlie Kadau & Joe Raiola senior editors 
David Shayne associate editor 
Amy Mavrikis assistant editor 


Dick DeBartolo 
creative consultant 


Annie Games managing editor 
Dorothy Crouch vp-licenscd 
publishing and associate publisher 
Art Department: 

Nadina Simon acting art director 
Leonard Brenner graphics consultant 
Thomas Nozkowski production 


Marla Weisenborn production assistant 


Circulation: 


Daniel Brown dire 
&r 
Tracey Bowen n 


Administration: 
Patrick Caldon vp-1 


Lillian Laserso 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
the usual gang of idiots 
Roberto Parada front cover artist 
Scott Bricher back cover artist 


MAD ISS Ut 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT: 


Random Samplings of Reader Mail...2 Spy Ys. Spy...33 
THE THREE LITTLE PRIGS DEPARTMENT: GO WITH THE FLOBEE DEPARTMENT: 
The Incredible Hanson Story, From MAD’s Step-By-Step Guide to 


Start to Finish!...4 Making Your Own Infomercial...35 


THE SCHMUCKS STOP HERE DEPARTMENT: 
Melvin & Jenkins’ Guide to Music 
Appreciation...7 


ANGSTER’S PARADISE DEPARTMENT: 
Monroe &... 
The School Trip Part Il...38 


NERDS OF A FEATHER DEPARTMENT: 
Who's Who at a Star Trek Convention...40 


PARTY OF THE FIRST PARSE DEPARTMENT: 


THE DISSING LINK DEPARTMENT: 
Six Degrees of Separation Between 
Anyone and Anything Part Ill...10 


AND THE EAT GOES ON DEPARTMENT: The Ambivalence Chaser...42 

MAD's Realistic Food Guide Pyramid 

for College Students...12 A SHOW OF MILITARY FARCE DEPARTMENT: 
“JAB” (A MAD TV Satire)...43 

BERG’S-EYE VIEW DEPARTMENT: 

The Lighter Side of...13 GRIEVING LAS VEGAS DEPARTMENT: 
MAD's Celebrity Cause-of-Death 
Betting Odds...48 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT: 
“Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragones... 
Various Places Around The Magazine 


The 
20 DUMBEST 
PEOPLE, EVENTS 
AND THINGS 
OF 1998! 


OUR FIRST 


Won't Die 
Monicagate: 
The Never Ending 


Sinks His 
Teeth Into 


Software 
That 
Sucks 


South Park 
“Oh My God! 
They Killed 
Quality!” 


The Tobacco Bill 
Goes Up In 
Smoke 


Ally 
McBeal 
Mania 


CAMERON AND GATES PHOTOS: 
AP/WIDE WORLD PHOTOS 


The PGA 
Tees Off On 
A Gimp 


Norm “Cry Baby" 
McDonald 


Right- 
Wing Gay 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Rodman & Malone's 
Pro Wrestling 
Sideshow 


WHOSE MOTTO 
IS IT ANYWAY? 


Gy 34> MAD MUMBLINGS @aol.com 
LA % su | was normal once — | didn't like it — 
BumblBeey...1 had my pet rock neutered mew YORKIE 


GoodBik...Grass doesn't taste so good 
after a while — Greg4go...If fish had legs, 


E fish could run — WeirdOne98...How come 
THE CODE WAB hippos don’t look like hips? — StevieJH...I B'way show, 
Why does the Morse Code in every dial my number on my phone, just to see if raises $4 mil 
Spy Vs. Spy say the same stupid thing? | am home! —LivLetDieS...Spam is like meat as Dems wam 
Can't you think up something different flavored Jell-O — FiGtomcati...How long a him to fess up 
each issue? minute is depends upon which side of the i Ë 
bathroom door you are on — Crowbot55...l Ps 

Nathaniel Stein am the lizard king —J4Ward...Beware the ` 
Wellesley, MA terrible bean! — Will Erp. 


Nat — Thanks for your observant letter. 
Your missive sent us scurrying to our 


~\ se dés 
Morse Code handbook and we came up TA a d D wh 
with something we just love! Here’s a D) Le 


sneak peek! Enjoy! 


ee dun me ne à memes nie en te = 


ATTENTION SUBSCRIBERS! 


For all subscription related matters (including change 
of address) in the U.S. and Canada, please call 1-800-4 
MAN MAG or write PO ROX 59345, Boulder, CO 80399. 
23451 Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or E-mail our 
New York office — we're too dumb to help you there! 


os = me os ee oe me mel —Ed. 


SEE PAGES 2-4 


HOW TO REACH US 


Please address Correspondence To: MAD, Dept 377, 

rahe 1700 Broadway, New York, New York 10019. MAD 
f nvA if welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
Gi V) AJ / r be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they 
14 sapere oi are accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped 
envelope! MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 


You know the President is in trouble when 
New York Daily News headline writers make a 
comparison between him and MAD's own Alfred 
E. Neuman! We wonder if Alfred's name popped 
up in the Starr Report. We're not sure ‘cause we 
didn't read the whole thing — just the dirty parts! 


MAD CELERRITY SNAPS 


My brother gave me a subscription to Citizens Kane — Thanks for 


MAD last year as a gift, | have been sending us the celebrity snap of 
reading it for years, but ve heen too that crazy Canuck band. In your 
cheap to shell out the cash to sub- letter you say you're sending us 
scribe. With that subscription end- a picture of Barenaked Ladies, 


. but where are the bare naked 
A ladies? All we see are dorky- 
My looking guys! O.k., we'll send 
you one three-year subscrip- 
tion that you can split 


ing soon, I figured I'd have to get 
creative or I’d have to dish out 
the moncy mysclf for this non- 
sense! Enclosed is a picture of 
the band Rarenaked Ladies. 


Since we are holding two MAD £ Gea Ne í Fej between yourselves, but 
magazines and there are four fi ale | NS 16: | you have to promise to 
members of the band (plus fi 5 à Sho send us a picture of 
myself and my two brothers) 5 : pore be VENTRE bare naked ladies! 
in the picture, we figure you et ek, ; : ae Fon bon eee ears 
owe the three of us a total of Sieven Page. Tet Stewart, 
72 years of free subscriptions! Mike: Kann, Bill Kane. 

Ed Hobartson and Chris 
The Kane Brothers ee eee 
Stoughton, MA Barenaked Ladies!)! 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


<a 


THE RETURN OF 
MAD PROS AND CONS 


It is sickening to me that there are so 
many talented writers and artists contrib- 
uting to such a bad cause like the maga- 
zine you publish. The other day I hap- 
pened to spot a MAD Magazine (#373) in 
the library and happened to browse over 
it. The article I first landed on was “The 
Lighter Side of...” It baffles the mind as to 
how a man could become so cynical and 
hardened that he would write such sarcas- 
tic garbage. I’m referring to Mr Dave Berg 
The reason children are so disrespectful 
and sarcastic to others is because influen- 
tial publications such as yours encourage 
this type of behavior. As | write, a petition 
is being passed around to ban your maga- 
zine from the public library here. I hope 
by my writing you this letter, you will see 
my point and wise up. 


Rev. William Oughtred 
Ventura, CA 


Padre — Perhaps the reason some kids are 
disrespectful and sarcastic is not because of 
MAD, but because the pompous, self-right- 
eous adult deserves it! You follow? 

Amen! —Ed. 


As a librarian who grew up reading your 
magazine, I want to thank you for making 
me a literate adult who has a sense of 
humor — at least until a dumb patron 
comes by with a stupid request. When I 
worked as a public librarian, we had your 
magazine in the children’s room and now 
that I work as a law librarian, I wish it was 
in the children’s room — oops — | mean 
in the attorney's offices. Don't worry, some 
day it will turn up in the men's room 
where we usually find all the daily presti- 
gious newspapers like The Wall Street 
Journal, Boston Globe and The New York 
Times, I'm glad to know there is still wit 
and humor in this crazy world of ours, or 
at least in your magazine! Keep up the 
good work and get those librarians sub- 
scribing — you're long overdue! 


PS. When I didn’t have a boytriend, I cut 
out a picture of Alfred and put him in a 
nice frame on my desk at work. You 
should have seen people's reactions! 


Jill A. Szynski 
Somerville, MA 


Jolly Jill — We here at MAD love, love, love 
librarians, or as we like to call them, info- 
babes! They are truly the unsung heroes of 
this country. We have taken the liberty of 
forwarding your letter to the newly created 
Make a Dumb Wish Foundation" (See Letters 
Page #374). They were so moved by it that 
they are sending you several copies of MAD 
for you to mix In with those so-called presti- 
gious newspapers. We're so pleased we 
won't even ask what you're doing skulking 
around the men’s room! —Ed. 


FAX MADAT 
12) 506-4848! 


stupas 
VIA ror LFRED 


STOCKING 


is Grechiugs 
Sensons OF 


MAD 


“This is the 
gift that keeps 
on giving 
the dry 
heaves! 


STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT AND CIRCULATION 
(Required by 39 U.S.C. 3685) 

1. Publication Title: MAD. 2. Publication Nu: 324-520. 

3. Filing Date: Sept. 30, 1998. 4 Issue Frequency: Monthly. 5. No. of issues 
Published Annually: 12. 6. Annual Subscription Prica: $24.00. 7, Complete 
Mailing Address of Known Office of Publication: MAD Magazine, 1700 
Broadway, S Floor, New York, NY 10019-5905, 0, Complete Mailing Address 
of Headquarters or General Business Office of Publisher; MAD Magarine,1700 
Rroadway, sih Floor, New York, NY 10019-5905. @ Full Names and Complete 
Mailing Addresses of Publisher, Editor, and Managing Editor Publisher Paul 
Levitz, MAD Magazine, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905; Editor: 
Jenette Kahn, MAD Magazine, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905, 
Managing Editor: Annie Gaines, MAD Magazine, 1700 Broadway, New York, 
NY 10019-5905. 10. Owner. E C. Publications. Inc., whully owned by Time 
Warner Inc., a publicly beld corporation-—-75 Rockeleller Plaza, New York, NY 
10019. 11. Known Bondholders, Morigagees. and Other Security Holders 
Owning or Holding 1 Percent or More of Total Amount of Bonds, Mortgages or 
Other Securities: To the best knowledge of Time Warner Inc., the names and 
addresses of stockholders beneficially owning one percent or more of the 
connu stock of Tire Warner Inc. (as of 6/30/98) are as follows. 

à Time Warner Inc. Common Stock 

AIM Capital Management, PO. Box 4333, Houston TX” 

American Century Investment Mgmt., P.O. Box 418210, 

Kaneae City, MO 64141-9210° 

Barclays Global Investors, NA, 45 Fremont St., San Francisco, CA* 

Bankers Trust Company, 1 Bankers Trust Plaza, 130 Liberty Street, 

New York, NY“ 

The Capital Group Companies, Ine., 333 Soum Hope St, Los Angeles, CA~ 
CEUE & CO., BU. Box 20, Bowling Green Station, New York, NY" 

FMR Corp., 82 Devonshire St, Boston, MA 02109-3605" 

Janus Capital Corporation, 100 Fillmore Street. Denver, CO" 

J.P. Morgan & Co.. 522 Fifth Ave.. New York, NY” 

May & Co.. 59 Wall Street, New York. NY 10005-2808" 

Oppenheimer Capital LP. 1 World Financial Gtr. Oppenheimer Tower, 

New York, NY" 

The Putnam Companies, 1 Post Office Square, Boston, MA* 

Regents of the University of California, 300 Lakeside Drive, 17th Floor, 
Oakland, CA * 

RF Turner, c/o Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. One CNN Center, 

Atlanta, GA 3034A 


E-MAIL 
ERI 
KEYworps CINE! 


(Wherever magazines or lumps of coal are sold!) 


AJ 


Sailboat & Co., c/o Chase Manahattan Bank, 4 New York Plaza, 

New York, NY 10004-2413° 

Smith Bamey Investment Advisors, 388 Greenwich St.-24th Floor, 

New York, NY 10013-2339" 

State Street Bank & Trust Co., PO. Box 351, Boston, MA 02110-0351" 
The Vanguard Gorp., FU. Box 2600 V-31, Valley Forge, PA 19482-2600" 
d. By virtue of ownership and convertibility of Time Warner Convortibio 
Preterred Stock (as of 6/90/98). 

(i) Houston Industries Incorporated, 1111 Louisiana, Houston, TX (Time 
Warner Series D Convertible Preferred Stock): 

(ii) Alan Gerry, Loomis Road, Liberty. NY (Time Warner Series E and F 
Convartible Praterred Stock); 

(iii) ITOCHU Corporation, 5-1, Kita-Aoyama, 2-Chome Minato-Ku, Tokyo 
107-77, Japan (Time Warner series G and H Convertible Preferred Stock); and 

(iv) Toshiba Corporation, 1-1 Shibaura 1-Chome, Minato-Ku, Tokyo 105, 
Japan (Tima Warner Series | Convertible Preferred Stock) 

To the best knowledge of Time Warner Ine , as of August 31, 199A, 
Depository Trust Co., PO Box 20, Bowling Green Station, New York, NY* 
holds of record one percent or more af the debt securities of Tims Warner Inc. 
*Delieved to be held for the accaunt of ane or more security holders. 

13. Publication Title: MAD. 14. Issue Date for Circulation Data Below: 
September 18. 1996. 15. Extent and Nature of Circulation: a. Total No. of 
Copies (Net Press Runy Average Na Copies Fach Issue Muring Preceding 12 
Months: 946,945; Actual No. Copies of Single Issue Published Nearest to 
Filing Date: 767,403. b. Paid and/or Requested Circulation—{1) Sales Through 
Dealers and Carriers, Street Vendors, and Counter Sales (Not mailed) 
207,109; 225,744. (2) Paid or Requested Mail Subscriptions (/ncluding 
advertisers’ proof coples anu exchange copies), 86.471, 89,700. c. Total Paid 
and/or Requested Circulation (Sur of 15b(1) and 14b(2)): 293,580, 315,444. 
d. Pree Distribution by Mail (Samples, complimentary, and other free): 1,013, 
900. o. Free Distribution Outside the Mall (Carriers or other means): 744; 633 
t. Total Free Distribution: 1,757; 1,533, g. Total Distribution (Sum of 150 and 
15h: 295,336; 316,977 h.Copies Not Distributed (1) Office Use, Leftovers, 
Spoiled: 3,601; 2,822. (2) Returns from News Agents: 646,008; 447,604. 

L Total {Sum of 159, 15/1), ann 15h{2)): 946,945; 767,403. Percent Paid 
andor Requested Circulation (750/159 x100): 99.38; 99.51. 16. Publication 
of Statement of Ownership will bo printed in tho January 1909 icsua of 

this publication 

17. | certify that all information tumished on this form is trus and complete. 
Annie Gaines, Managing Editor Seotember 29, 1998 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


254 THE THREE LITLE PRIGS DEPT. 


Good things used to come in threes! 
There were the Wise Men, the Musketeers, 
the Chipmunks, the Stooges...but that 
streak was broken when the Hanson 
brothers — Ike, Zac and Taylor — decided 
to move their singing act from the 


garage to malls across America! And à FE 
somehow, this prepubescent pop trio Nansen be 
has managed to keep their Clearasil- QUE OF NE A 


covered faces around a lot longer 
than their allotted fifteen minutes! 
But they'll come crashing down 
soon enough, as you'll see in 

a little tale we call... 


December 1, 1999 | 


During an MTV interview, Zac is rushed to 
the hospital with an impacted smirk. 
Doctors assure grieving fans that he will be 
up and as annoying as ever within days. 


January 30, 1999 


Hanson is offered four million dollars to 


The boys write the words and music for open for Michael Jackson. The deal falls 
“MMMBop.” Hanson first performs “MMMBop” through, however, when it is later discovered 
onstage. They record an early demo version of the proposal has nothing to do with music. 
“MMMBop.” They later re-record “MMMBop” for i 
their major label debut. "MMMBop” tops the 

charts! The brothers make the rounds of award 

shows to sing “MMMBop." They thrill fans with 

an acoustic rendition of “MMMBop." Along the 

way, Hanson also gives many interviews in 

which they discuss their musical versatility. 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


January 4, 2000 
Responding to skeptics who have long accused 
the band of having no additional material [and 
buying lime with an easy Christmas CD and 
some crappy old tapes], Hanson at last releases 
the double-CD concept album, “We're Rubber, 
You're Glue.” CD #1 plays into the critics’ hands, 
consisting only of three answering machine 
messages, a 34-minute version of “Itsy-Bitsy 
Spider,” a track of Ike singing “Happy Birthday” 
to a two-year-old Taylor, and fifteen re-mixes of 
“MMMBop.” CD #2, however, features the 
group's first all-new material in years, including 
the up-tempo “FFFBop," the sassy “NNNBop,” 
the soulful “BBBBop,” and the more experimen- 
fal “&&&Bop.” The album peaks at #36, the first 
sign of trouble in Hansonland. 


LEA 


ARTIST: TIMOTHY SHAMEY 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


eS 4 vy. 
August 10, 2000 
America's landfills report a 25% jump in 
waste product volume. Two-thirds of this 
increase is alhibuled lo old Hanson pinup 
photos, posters, T-shirts and CDs. 


EN 


February 8, 2000 


After the success of the “Weird” video by 
acclaimed director Gus Van Sant, the boys 
decide to work with other great movie mak- 
ers to create videos that will revive sales of 
their slumping album. Swedish director 
Ingmar Bergman is lured out of retirement to 
make an impressionistic clip for the second 
single, "MMMVøp {Agonyj The video, a 
dizzying array of disconnected and disturb- 
ing images, ends wilh the unhappy Cobbler 
choosing to go off fo oblivion with Death, 
father than attend a Hanson concert MTV 
plays the clip once at 4:40 a.m. 


w eh 


i AN 1B 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publicati 


ons, Inc. 


eff 
January 9, 2016 


After years of bitterness, the increas- 


July 7, 2012 ingly hard-on-the-eyes brothers 


reunite for their first concert together in 


March 13 2009 NOW pas Bulor D Te Memen st nearly seven years. Sadly, the show 
3 ` group” of other washed-up '90s performers, j 

Following a nasty slap-fight at a Hojo's including Jazzy Jeff, the lead singer of is canceled when the bowling alley 

they were performing at in Decatur, Alabama; Siiverchal, and Blowfish or lwo: gets a last-minute customer who 

Hanson announces they are breaking up Unfortunately the ill-fated “Traveling needs the lane. 

due to ireconcilable arisiic differences, and Dingleberies” tour does not turn a profil, 


because Ike is a big, smelly jerk-face jerk-head 
fo Infinity plus one.” Zac's threats to write a blis- 
tering tell-all book fizzle when he realizes he 

hasn't gone to school since the age of seven. 


RS vs eS Se RENE AN YA 
i . <<! September 7, 2023 
Jun 16, 2020 Hanson finally enters the Rock and Roll 
Hanson's exclusive deal with Moistiand Action Hall of Fame. Three minutes later, they 
Water Parks falls through when park officials are thrown out for trespassing. 
decide they can get five Backstreet Boys for the 


6 some $650 it costs for just three Hansons. 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


When you think of great classical 
music, certain names come to mind: 
Beethoven, Chopin and Bach, to name a 
few. Well, now you can add two more 

names to that venerable list. Here's... 


GUIDE TO 
MUSIC APPRECIATION 


TT EAU CE LAN PAU PSR CINE MAMAN A CRRA UPS 


unknowingly begins to tap his 
hands in time with the percussion. 


na Pe 


ne tree 3 gs CRITE GIS Es ee > | RECAST St NS st EES oe EMRE TED RES? 
JENKINS waits outside the stage entrance ill lice, b hnically, 
holding a single long stemmed rose, to show there's nothing they can do about him standing on 


his appreciation for the diva’s performance. Lyle Lovett’s street 14 hours every day. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 7 


JENKINS prefers to view the opera MELVIN prefers the private balcony 
from a private balcony so that he can so he can chuck Junior Mints down 
drink in the full effect of the staging. the lead soprano’s cleavage. 


PRO NES seal R: ROTI RASS 
MELVIN ends every act, regardless of con- 
text, by jumping to his feet with a hearty 
“Heyyyy Macarena!” 


is nest z SD PU TLA L See OFO GTH IY, PAZO FASTAA A MIE STATS RES A ee S ee 
JENKINS spends hours practicing the MELVIN uses ne an entire 
harp until his fingers blister. sack of Idaho potatoes into tasty home fries. 


8 MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


2 1287 SoM READS ANT AWS EAS SEET AE LEEA PEGE RASA AS EEE € 


“Ries: 


> ee 


JENKINS fancies himself an audiophile, and After his frisbee goes down the sewer, 
uses imported speakers and a classic turntable MELVIN uses vintage Caruso 78 
to capture the richness of the original vinyl. records to teach his pit bull how to fetch. 


Dic. 
JENKINS is overcome with emotion MELVIN wets himself eve 
every time he hears the melodious he hears the moronic sound of a 
sound of the Three Tenors’ voices. Three Stooges eye poke. 


HURST RAS ETES 
ct . 


at € 


Le rh 


JENKINS studics how the sudden transposi- MELVIN is certain that if he could only fill a 
tion of the brass section is sometimes used to tuba with enough soapy water, he could blow 
underscore the dramatic arrival of the gods. a bubble the size of a Chevy Lumina. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


THE DISSING LINK DEPT. 


Warning to long-time MAD readers: You've read this intro twice already, 
so skip it! For those of you new to our publication, we've put a little spin 
on the “Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon” Game. Instead of connecting the 
aforementioned Mr. Bacon to some random celebrity, you have to find the... 


can you link A MARATHON to 60 MINUTES? 


A Marathon The Oscar Telecast 
7 FRN 


THE NOH 
FOR A SCREENPLAY - $ 
BASED ON MATERIAL P 
= FA FROM ANOTHER which 
is a tes 4 RE. 
R N attracts 
celebrities 
like flies. 


us does... 


É. of human 


The X-Files 


tells an 


(re nee which 
unbelievable < 
elievable © <= 


2) - sells favors 
en AN E | : 
A for money, 


as do... 


is an 
offensive 7.2 D NN blames 


ethnie F 3 5 the Jews for 


character. Ny Pr 3 jS everything, 
: as did... 


In a 


massive laughs at 
weather phe- i 
everything. 


nomenon, 
. as do... 


+ : $ i 
MAD Connie ©: 2006 i E. C. Publicis. ne 


NET 


ARTIST: RICK TULKA 


ARATONBETNEENANONE ANYTHING 


Mr. Spock ears 


60 Minutes 

which hiel which 
wmen : 

was dreamt * 1s packed 
up by a Sci-fi $ are long with senior 

p Och à scnior 

l ite r and pointy, 

writer, : 


citizens, 
as were... ` 


Sweatshops 
KSreatshops }_ 


AN 
! VE € UN $ m 
who walk | > ; mes. | who Wko\ /e \ pri base = 
the streets K is ; 
at night, 
us do... 


are disease- 
carriers, as 


X who 
who took 3 
à LD AS 7 made a 
France h 
\ : career ont of 
by storm, L 5 
LE baby noises, 
as did... : N : 4 
as do... 


g NR X “by 
who need ; N i) which 
constant nr | e E) costs §8.00 
restraining, T y $ a pop, 
as do... N | as does... 


WRITER: MIKE SNIDER 


WRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. a 


12 


AND THE EAT GOES ON DEPT. 


Those well-intentioned but misguided folks at the U.S. Department of Health are at it again! Now they're 
putting out something called the Food Guide Pyramid, an over-simplified chart that’s supposed to show you, 
as they put it, how to “build a healthful diet by eating a variety of foods.” This extremely useful and sensible 
chart is conscientiously ignored by over 200 million Americans a day, most notably by the fine young men and 
women enrolled in our nation’s institutes of hig! ing- $o 


— seen 


2 AM Post-Joint es i): 

Munchie coerce ler es oe r 
IHOP nd White End-of-Finals 
ane air 
1-2 Servings ; 
res ~ Orr) (2-3 Servings 


Per Week) 


Before Finals Starbucks, 
Mountain Dew and 
No-Doz Caffeine Group 


erererer eee > 
Reheated Pizza 


(2-3 Servings Per Week) ok and Leftover 
Takeout Chinese 

Food Group 

LEETE 5419" Servings 

Pizza and Takeout ........) Per Week) 


Chinese Food Group 
(3-4 Servings Per Week) 
Hangover Cure: 
Tylenol, Advil, 
Tums, Pepto- 


Sugary Cereals Bismol Group 
for Dinner Group (5-7 Servings 
(5-7 Servings ag... Per Week) 


Per Week) eee) 


Habitual, 

Nervous 

Grain (aka Candy 
Beer) Group Munching 
(15-50 Group 
Servings (100-200 
Per Week) Servings 
LEA y X Q ` 4 ee 

EN ès a 


LA 
. 
. 
e 
. 
. 
ZE CZ y 


SOURCE: Two guys from the Kappa Sig House, 
Some Chicks We Met Playing Thumper & This Guy Who 


. L His Ennthall Scholarchin For Havino A Hi ‘ 
EE ee nés ost Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. + Gut WEERDIENS SNES 


JUSTICE 


So | should tell 
the judge that 
| fell off a 
twelve foot 
ladder, right? 


Exactly! Just 
don’t mention 
you were on the 
bottom rung 

at the time! 


Do you think there are 
intelligent life 
forms out there? 


| can’t believe how that 
driver passed us by as 
if he didn’t see us! 


ty ae 


ARTIST AND WRITER: DAVE BERG 


Because if they’re intelligent 
enough to master space travel, 
then they'd certainly be 
FA intelligent enough to avoid Earth! 


Why did he do that? | 


Let's put it this way- 
it's not because his 


” [mother told him never 


to pick up strangers! 
LR € AT f 


re can’t go into that 


o; 
ue 70 Oya blazing inferno! 


INTERVIEWS 


Just so you'll be aware of our hiring procedures, Mr. 
Fenster, let me tell you that we've checked out every 
entry on your résumé, contacted all your references, 
examined your medical report and the results of your 
drug test, interviewed your friends and relatives, and 
reviewed your first interview with us since it was 
taped by hidden camera just as this one is! 


There’s only one type 
of guy I'd marry! 
He’s got to be 
quiet, giving, and 
non-confrontational! 


So there won't be 
a messy battle 
when | divorce him! 


in | | a | LARG O 
WEDDINGS | ACOTA Me 


s. ~| ¥ i ..and do you, Walter, promise to 
FT k, EY love and honor and take your i ah AOE 
fe) A Viagra from this day forward... W it WW 


bar ur a bé 


PORT PU Re OA ON eee 


: 
BD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


CALORIES 


Boy, you're really 
working out like 
à dynamo this 
morning! 


To 8 gourmet 
all-you-can-eat 
restaurant! 


That's nice! 
Where'd 


| have to make up 

for last night! We 
celebrated my 

losing 20 pounds! 


a 


> J \ 


Y 


á HUE å = a: 
THERAPY By a a 


| had it all, Dr. Forman! 
Money, power, cars, and 
most important, the love 
of a beautiful woman! 
And now it’s all gone! 


Now, tell me a little 
about yourself! 


found out 
about her! 


happened 
to it all? 


L \ 
gif - NE) 


/ 


ji 


M}, ot | 
f 


...to turn off the ringer and put 
away all cellular phones! 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


THE OFFICE 


| heard a rumor that there's 
going to be cutbacks and 
people are going to be let go! 


— 


That's not true, 
Charlie! You have noth- 
ing to worry about! 


~ Z nr” 
es pa 


How 
wonderful 


Tonight I'm going 
to read you a 
wonderful 
bedtime story! 


| don't think l'm really Yes, 
overweight, Doctor! that’s 
| believe l'm just true, 
retaining water! Kaputnik! 


But if the situation 

should ever change, 
you'll be the very 

first to know about it! 


.. if it's suppposed 
to put me to sleep? 


The problem is you're also 
retaining ice cream, cake, 
cookies, fries, malts and a 
truckload of other garbage! 


BRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications. Inc. 


Ally McBeal Mania 
The Flag Burning Amendment That Won't Die 


Ginger Spice Takes A Hike 
Estrogen Rock Norm “Crybaby” McDonald 


South Park or “Oh My God! They Killed Quality!” 


Trash TV 


Rodman & Malone’s Pro Wrestling idea 


The Sultan Of So-What Monicagate: The 
Never-Ending Saga 
Seinfeld’s Endless Farewell 


James Cameron Stinks Up The Oscars 


Astro-Geezers The PGA Tees Off On 
A Gimp 
The Viagra Feeding Frenzy 
Right-Wing Gay Bashing 
Bogus News 
Marv Albert Sinks His Teeth Into A New Job 
The Tobacco Bill Goes Up In Smoke 


Software That 


BAD ais 6 ane by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST MARK STUTZMAN 


iis: "size. of Nebiaska. The d EAN > = 
. -White House scandal s y T - 
“r. żhad all the elements of a r $ 


` -: fhere were po heroes. : 
_* a 12 - 


Not so long ago, -— 
in a country — 


Juovcionr 
THE. NEVER-ENDING : SAGA: 


; inister villains, classic’. - y : b- 
; confrontations; hideous AS r: NAS E- 
creatures, and yes, even’? 9 h o> i 


‘a princess — albeit ane =. >, y 
: ‘with. thonged butt the Æ °° : -> 


sT = 
-. Sti-f| epic except one —" ‘ : ; a > E a 


not so far away... p 


AT ty a relentless Special Prosecutor, x 
‘ dir ot have sex with that woman, Miss Lewinksy:" 


DER Pen © During. the tumultuous legal battle, the evil Special 

one . Prosecutor managed fo. obtain lurid testimony itom 
SS “Miss Lewinsky about the Commander-In-Chiefs dark 
pm IO ai side and THE DEATH CIGAR, a bizarre sexual prop 
— with enough power to destroy an entire Presidency. 


Pursued by an ever-vigilant Republican Congress, the 

embattied President desperately hides behind Ws 
lawyers, custodians of the flimsy defense that he 
hopes can save his political ass... 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ity poor Jim Cameron! Even though his movie drags on for over three 
hours, he had /ess than two minutes to speak when he accepted the 
Academy Award for Best Picture! This really bothered arrogant Jim, who 
isn't used to editing for pacing, brevity and crispness Ilke other flim 
makers! He barely had enough time to thank himself! That’s why 
we've donated the following space to present for the first time anywhere... 


JAMES CAMERON'S 


} JAMES CAMERON 
STINKS UP THE 


2 
TITANIC OSCAR SPEECH í 
THE SPECIAL DIRECTOR'S CUT = 
(His actual Academy Awards speech with previously “cut” lines presented in red) & 
`t J J f = 
= 

Tjust bata to say a couple of things. First, as I said when I accepted the Best Director 

S Oscar, I'm the King of the World! We're here tonight to celebrate the magic of movies 

; ae, and I'm grateful every day to get to be a part of that magic = a practitioner in it and to 
have made the most honored film ever that didn't win Oscars for Best Actor, Best Actress, dé 
Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress or Best Screenpla Š 
with you bastards!? But we did win tor “Best Sound Effects á 
= 
: 2 
I love it and tonight has been such a great celebration for us and it seems to some- ë 


how express this strange wave that's happened with Titanic where peuple all over 
the world have opened their hearts to this movie — for instance, since | started 
speaking, Titanic brought in another 600 bucks at the 10 o'clock show in Paraguay! 
And that's so gratifying to all of us that worked on it and we'll be forever grateful 
to them the audience and 1 know a lot of you are watching at home. 


Frankly, I knew this film would be a success because I've had experience working 
with massive, inanimate hulks — remember, I directed Schwarzenegger in both 
Terminator flicks! In the midst of all this euphoria — and I must repeat, I'm the King of the 

World! — it’s kind of hard for us to remember that this euphoria and this success is for 

‘a film that’s based on a real event that happened where real people died that shocked 
the world in 1912, though I’m sure all those people would have drowned 
gladly if they'd known it would inspire me to make this film. 


So I'd just like everybody to go with me just for a second on something here. If you refuse, 

I'm going to bring back Celine Dion to sing that crappy song again, you follow? Td like to doa 

few seconds of silence in remembrance of the 1500 men, women and children who died when 

and also in remembrance of my wife, Linda Hamilton, who, as I did 

with my previous three wives, will soon be dumping for an even younger trophy wife, But 
don't worry, Linda, I won't dump you for the pretty young co-star 

in Titanic — Leonardo told me he doesn't go that way. 


\ à 
And the message of Titanic of course is that if the great ship can sink the unthinkable 
can happen, the future is unknowable, the only thing that we truly own is today, life is 
precious, and that I realize I should be on my hands and knees knowing I owe my life 
to a couple million teenage girls who went to this flick seven times each to see 
Leonardo Dicaprio and Katc W inslet do the nasty in a car on a big boat. But that w 
take away from my uninterrupted tribute to myself. So during these 
few seconds Td like you to also listen to the beating of your own 
heart which is the most precious thing in the world. 


ould 
A, 


Join me please in a few seconds of silence for Titanic. l'd ask for a 
longer period of silence, but that would mean Id have less time to 
speak, and we can't forget why we're here, right? (15 seconds of 
silence.) Thank you very much, that's about as much as I'm sure Gil 
Cates can stand. All right. You've really made this a night to remember 
in every way, a night honoring my movie, which in a few short months 
will be the greatest movie ever available at Kmart for $9.99 — the same 
cost as two toilet brushes! Now let's go party till dawn! I feel like 
saying “I'm the King of the World!” again, but hey, rm humble. 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


magine this: À friend tells you several times he has six months to live. Terrible, right? 
But now imagine that he stops by your house every day to remind you he’s dying, And 
every time you pick up a newspaper or magazine there’s an article about his impending 
death, You can't even go to a meeting at work without someone mentioning your dying 
pal. After a couple of weeks, you'd actually be PRAYING for the bastard to drop 
dead! Now you know how we felt about the long, long, long good-bye of Seinfeld. 


SEINFELD BY THE NUMBERS 


ARTIST: DREW FRIEDMAN 
WRITERS: SCOTT MAKO AND MIKE SNIDER 


> Number ot Americans pre final e- 
> episode... 80 mil — 


. on 
Number of those shaking their hedi in + 
stunned disappointment mowa.. 

TETE TE LP ET SNS PEN 79.9 million 
Number of those who could have written 
a better sisi for the final pioco 


79.8 million 


Number of magazine and newspaper 


Total number of sexual partners that 
articles about the end ot Solntold, 
80 


Jerry, George, Elaine and Kramer 
have had....... nes 1S Ss 
> Resulting instances of venereal dis- < 
ease, pregnancy or HIV-transmission 
os a result of all these partners.......0 
Odds of the same results in real-life 


1 in 25 million-billion-quadrillion 


SOS BE OeESeeIireeeeri ns viie rrr er ereeeey ud 


bs is 


Number of magazine and mate 
articles about the end of Seinfeld with 
“Sein Off,” “Sein ing Off,” or some sup- 
poseuly clever use of the first tour let- 
ters of Seinfeld worked into title .... 748 
__—— nn 


Amount of profits Jerry reaped as a 
result of series... seeeeeee9 650 milllon 


time wasted around office water- Amount of profits real life Soup Nazi 
coolers the next day discussing it ae os a result of series 
es SAT $149.6 billion on seveearaveesereceeeees DOGO MUON À 


Cost to proce an dr of 
Seinfeld .. 32,75 Million 


Cost ta the U.S, economy of all the 


Number ot ` ronge Re domain” 
oi told by male Seinfeld pride n 
AER, S 35,309 


Number who actually were “mosters- of 
their damain” at the time 


+90 


E 
Pase 
sacs 


THE FLAG BURNING 
AMENDMENT 
THAT WONT DIE 


There have been almost two dozen 
flag-burnings in the past decade. 
Passage of this amendment may 
cut that amount by one third! 


f our government officials are to be believed, a person can’t walk two blocks 
these days without seeing some unpatriotic anarchist trying to bring down 
the Republic by turning the revered symbol of our nation into smoldering soot! 
Huh? Did we miss something? We thought this non-issue was dead eons ago! 
Oh yeah, 1998 was an election year! Time to pander to the yahoos and draguens 
this stupid amendment out of obscurity! So let's cue up the soundbites as... 


YOUR CONGRESSMEN - 
EXPLAIN THEIR STANCE ON THE 
FLAG-BURNING AMENDMENT «= 


Our brave 
astronauts left 
the U.S. flag 
planted on the 
A moon, where 


Just as troubling as the desecration of the 
flag is the rampant depiction of flag burning 
in Hollywood movies, rap CDs, art displays 
and video games. | am proposing a voluntary 

“FB” rating for anything that includes flag 


burning as drama. And if the studios do not Bisons vA 
EPOKT B| voluntarily accept this voluntary rating, | will dan sie ‘ints 
Ñ į! i il I 
E 9 Wise =| propose legislation forcing them to do so! pel cel 
alien creatures 
could come 


along and 


FE D er © 2006 by 3 C: Publications, Inc. 


a ‘fe “EPS 


t came as no Surprise that when handicapped golfer Casey Martin asked the elitist PGA to 

allow him to use a cart, they told him “You walk like everyone else or you keep your crippled 

THE PGA butt off the course.” It would destroy the integrity of the sport, they said, by giving Martin an 
unfair athletic advantage. Hey fellas, golf is NOT a sport and pot-bellied sixty-year-old geriatrics 


TEES OFF ON te gent reasons tHe PGA 


DOESN’T WANT CASEY MARTIN 
TO DRIVE A GOLFCART 


Valuable greenskeeper time > ee 
wasted cleaning up all the fairway kill 


P The risk of Casey running 
over Jack Nicklaus’ toes 
just too great to ignore 


Expense of replacing 
divots following Casey's 


Š celebratory “donuts” is 

á cost-prohibitive 

z 

ë 

5 

à 

x a. 

F The oil changes 


every 200 holes 
delay other golfers 


The proposed 


As someone who has 
amendment goes 


All over the world the í 
American flag is a respected built her career on a much too far. 
symbol of freedom. That is strong, pro-environ- Yes, | intend to | suggest a 
what | have learned from my ment platform, | will vote in favor of compromise in 
fact-finding trips last year to { YA] be introducing a bill banning flag which there 
the Bahamas, Paris, Tokyo, À a for scientific funding burning. would be a 
Buenos Aires, Greece, Hawaii, À to help develop new Secondhand 30-day waiting 
Munich's Oktoberfest and sev- e ways to incinerate our ~ smoke is S period to buy 
eral offshore casino cruises! - flag with clean and fess ‘ America’s num- x cigarette lighters! 
= efficient solar power! saa ber one killer! 


e don't like Bill Gates and neither should you. He's a little geek with greasy 
hair, bad skin, and will make more money in the next four minutes than you 
| would if you lived to be 812! This year, the man who heats his super-sized 
mansion by burning 10 Ib. sacks of crisp hundred dollars bills dumped Windows 
98 on us. True story: the day he unveiled it at a trade show for the press, it 
crashed! But that didn't stop the monopolistic weasel from rushing it to the stores! 


A WINDOWS 98 AD 
WE'D LIKE TO SEE 


founder of Microsoft. ! ’m 
the upgrade to our worl 


popular Windows 959 operating system... m 


A r Microsoft’s all-new com 
pris puter softw 
Li € upgrade that makes Windows 95® ‘ellen the 


7 sr à Way it was supposed to three years ago! Windows 


= %° W 
i w: 8° features these ALL-NE\ bugs and glitches: 


Hi. I’m Bill Gates, 
here to introduce 


37 brand-new error codes 
with no explanation in any 
Help Menu. It’s like getting 
a free Treasure Hunt game! 


qi 


Ominous phrases like “ 
have person an ile es 
: operation and this computer 
~) must shut down” now a pears 
= na more readable typeface! 


Many total system crashes 
are now in exciting 3-D! 


; i > Our opti i idea ity 
The Windows 98° upgrade is ptional video card and ; 
available now at your local computer ; you receive television badd Res hee 


< il pri 9.95° € screen, enablin 
2 ler for a suggested retail price of $89.95, $ à ab'ing you to turn your $3,000 
: Aes x He si vou paid foc our complet, ODO computer into aninferior $200 color TV! 
E i ond-new operating system just three years ago: internet Choici 
č t à mpetition, you i You c D. z 
FERE Look, the woy we're swallowing up the co can use Microsoft Inte 
FERE Know we're going to be on your desktop eventually, so 4-01, which comes Bs pees is 
8 why fight it? Take GE à of our special offer Windows 98° or, if you wish, you can 
Ÿ ick up your Windows 98° upgrade stay off the Web. The choice i 
£ and pick Up Y 3 cc is up to you! 

today! We might not be feeling so AA Se ’ 
generous in the future- R pea | 
4 ecognizes new hardware that won't he 

FATS the market until Wi son 

6 Price oe our share of Microsoft legal fees Windows 200 1° (hick ae Bee by 
; in our fight with the U.S. Government to proled run the way it’s supposed to no indows 982 


our monopolistic control of the software markel 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


his fall, 77-year-old John Glenn made his “triumphant” return to outer space! And at first, we 
were a little scared to see a $2 billion taxpayer-funded space shuttle being commanded by a 
guy so elderly he could barely see over the dash! But when all was said and done, wasn't it worth 
it to finally discover the effects of weightlessness on dentures, swollen prostates and ear hair? 


A MAD LOOK AT JOHN GLENN IN SPACE 


NEW Aya 


i Pd PS po 
CNET ; Œ 


rs been driving us crazy: How does the lame-ass, Monday night whine-fest A//y 
McBeal manage to generate more buzz than an electric shaver on Elliott 
Gould’s back hair?! Was the ditzy-self-loathing-faux-feminist demographic really 
THAT vastly under-served?! We're not sure, but we're hoping against hope 
that this show’s life-span Is shorter than one of Calista Flockhart’s micro-minis! 


A COURT CASE WE'D LIKE TO SEE 


= À iS | identified below) 
cr COURT plaintiffs: VARIOUS € ~ 
NITED STATES DISTRICT t -a pa 
UTHER DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA spl ILY Me 


Class -action n behalf of ihe plaintiffs either sir y OI as groups 1 ntified below] 
[ de 
1 ag I tA 0 
1on ho Ally McBeal as the sole res ponsible party in damages 
is show ia , 


+ 5 p 
sustained from the ro otion. nd broadcast of the show Plaintitt seek com ensatory 
t TIN , à : 
excess of $250,000 per count as proven al trial 


damages in an amount in ee ~ 


5 LIEF IT | 
PARTIES AND CLAIMS FOR RELIEF ROULE attorneys 


i |-life success “ 
r ae nT inte eng depiction of a female lawyer 


due to Calista Flockhart : un 
airheaded, confused wait; 


nist Cathy Guisewit 
between her charact 


À 
for de famation of character | 
a cutesy-Plé; nalvé, | 

| 


fringement, based on mr | 

specifically {hat both chara s 

while actually obsessing OV l 

Gloria Steinem, j 
i 
j 


e, an individual, for copyrigh in 
er of “Cathy” and that of k 
\ s. ps 1 

the single, upwardly-mobile EA K- 
they set feminism back to a peno it rs 
issues so petty Me) ing in the thousands and ete n Ne 
ores Sa wit their girlfriends. wives, etc., 05 

i ow w 2 


a Sagal emasculation”, 


sulting in “psyc | = 
a —_ mbering in the thousands, who z a 
me (and arguably eerie) Dancing ; À 
1 2 = 


11. Carton 
similarities 
supposedly appeal to 


LIL. A group of 
damages aS they 


WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 


rvice users, also 
extremely Won -mail they receive t simple e-mail 
file to every other sn La = mi which has now transcended sump 

y : $ 


s Out.. funny!! +- i 
eee aeoiee fixture on the show; 


and become à sem cation under 28 U.S.C. 13 $1, 1938; 
gal subject matte Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


TV. Online se 
amusing, Now 
attached as 4 


31, 1338. and 1367, Venue in 


ARTIST: WORT DRUCKER 


j his summer, Dennis Rodman, fresh off another championship sea- 

f son, stepped into the squared circle for a tag team match against 

RODMAN & MALONE S 1997 NBA MVP and Olympic gold medalist Karl Malone. It's a tough 

call to decide who was dumber: The two elite professional athletes 

; pretending to duke it out in a phony “sporting” event with a bunch of 

by PRO WRESTLING steroid-juiced goons or the thousands of slack-jawed morons 

4 (i.e. wrestling fans) who ponied up $39.95 for the pay-per-view! 
a 

WCW’S BASH AT THE BEACH 
No, he’s trying 


Apparently, 

Dennis to become one! 

Rodman 
z is bothering prettier than 
z the Nitro most 
= Girls! of them! 
Š 
> 
g 
: i: 


Let me see if | can make it out— 
“1. Put Diamond Dallas in a headlock. 
2. He reverses and flips me over. 

3. He kicks me in the stomach. 

4. Beg for mercy, but then punch him. 
5. Run to comer and tag Hogan.” 


t was, ahem, big news, if you know what we mean. Pfizer came out with a 

male impotence drug and their stock shot up even faster than guys using the 
stuff. Great! Thanks lo this amazing medical breakthrough there are now more 
horny old men capable of actually acting 4 
on their most depraved impulses than 
ever before. Now if they can just 
come up with a pill that gets rid of 
sagging man-breasts, these old 
geezers'll be back in action! 


Oh yeah? Well, MY father 
doesn't need Viagra! 


RG 


ARTIST AND WRITER: MORT GE 


= See | 
Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications 


Oh my God, he’s 
strangling Hogan 
and kicking 
Rodman! How can 
Karl Malone be 
so sociopathically 
violent? 


| guess 


| GINGER SPICE 


TAKES A HIKE 


espite what Andy Warhol said, few of us actually get our 15 minutes of 
fame. Ginger Spice (remember her?) was well on her way, but the bimbo 
stopped the clock early. What made her do it? A promising career as a solo 
artist? Nope. A chance to work for the U.N.? Uh-uh. A humongous and out- 
of-control ego? BINGO! While shrieking, pre-pubescent girls around the 
globe were devastated, the way we see it, that's one down, four to go! 


GERI HALLIWELL: 
ONE YEAR LATER 


I still am and | always 
will be a “Spice Giri"— 
Is that enough pepper, sir? 


No, the overhead 
lights are reflect- 
ing off Hollywood 
Hogan's bald head 
jussssst right! 


Diamond Dallas Page 
is blinded...but how? 
Was It salt powder 
in the eyes? A de- 
SE liberate thumb poke? 


Finally, Ms. Mead, How = = 
would you feel about working Which wine goes 
with men who take Viagra? į best with Viagra? 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, rs 


ARTIST: SREY BLACKWELL WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 


SOUTH 
PARK 


“OH MY GOD! 
THEY KILLED QUALITY!” 


MAD è How have you succeeded in giving 
South Park such a unique look? 


TREY: 1 think it’s our total lack of artistic talent 
that gives the show its distinctive look. And let's not 
forgct our Animation Director. We hired a slacker 
friend of Matt's whose only experience was making a 
twenty second stop-motion film on a Super 8 camera 
in junior high school using Matchbox cars. 


MATT: And Comedy Central's been really sup- 
portive and generous. ‘They've actually doubled our 
animation budget so we were able to buy two pads of 
colored construction paper for this season. 


MAD: your man characters aenctopen so 
much that you argue over who says what, like, “Oh, 


no, Stan wouldn't say that...thats more of a Kyle line.” 
TREY: Luckily for us, our audience’s expectations | 


are SO me we don't have to worry Be ne in 
‘te j 


AN INTERVIEW WITH 


MATT PARKER AND TREY STONE 


WE’D LIKE TO SEE 


MAT i + And, keep in mind, since we provide their 
voices and sound virtually the same, most viewers 
can't recognize one from the other. 


TREY: Yeah, and since every other line of dialogue 
is swearing and will be bleeped out, it’s a moot point! 


MAD $ Do you ever worry that Chefs schtick of 
trying to seduce women by suggestively singing to 
them may be getting a little played out? 


MATT: Geez! Next you'll be complaining that 
using the exact same line, “Oh my God, they killed 
Kenny! You bastards!" in every episode stopped being 
funny after the fifth time we used it! 


MAD: you ever worry that the whole South 


* Park craze might die out as suddenly as it started? 


TREY: $ Sure, that’s why we're making movies, so 
when South Park goes belly-up we'll have a film 
career to rely on. 


MATT eah, ’ > want to keep churning out fun 


B’ now you've heard the unlikely success story of Matt Parker and Trey Stone, the two 
young animators who parlayed their crudely drawn short film into cable TV’s hottest 
show. But amidst all the hype, hoopla and endless magazine covers (including ours — um, 
twice), people failed to take note of one small fact: SOUTH PARK AIN'T THAT GOOD, DUDE! 
And if Matt and Trey had even a shred of self-awareness, they'd admit it themselves! 


rer 


NORM “CRYBABY” 
MCDONALD 


nchor Norm McDonald claims he was canned 
jokes about NBC President Don Ohimeyer's 
J. Simpson. Don claims Norm was canned for 
troversial.” And WE claim that no one gives a rat's 
ickering between a pompous, marginally-talented 
paid, incompetent TV exec — although you'd 
play the media gave this monumental non-story. 


TUNE OF OLD MacDONALD HAD A FARM) 


Norm McDonald lost his job! 
Thrown off S-N-L! 

He went on Howard Stern to sob, 
Letterman as well! 

With a bitch bitch here x 
and a whine whine there — 

Here « a moan, 

There a groan, 

Wailing like a trombone! 

Norm McDonald had no job — 
once that big axe fell! 


Norm McDonald made a flick, 
Dirty Work its name! 
Made everyone who watched it sick! 
What a friggin’ shame! 
With a “thumbs down” here 
and a low gross there — 
Here a flop, 
There a L flop, b 4 
Infomercials — next stop! x yet 
Norm McDonald faded quick — 
now he's “1 “What's-His-Name”! J 


OR. 


A ney 


Nuit KER 


N 
\ 


ma 998:%:; a banner year for gaffes by the media. 
A ` CNN and Time falsely accused the armed 
of using nerve gas in Laos. The Boston Globe fired 
columnists for plagiarizing and inventing sources. 
Cincinnati Enquirer wrongly accused Chiquita Brands 
of bribery, kidnapping and other crimes. All of these pub- 
lications were forced to apologize and issue retractions. 
‘Well, more screw-ups will surely follow, and when ad 
0 . Ted- faced publishers may want to make use of.. 


-MAD‘S ALL-PURPOSE 
MEDIA RETRACTION 


j m a 384 


is D", ne seminary, the housing pro- 
jects, four publie schools. Chelsea tet 
ker, and che 2 y 


comes Si 
the present iS 


Pre arrists Ove thong 


Beruhurdrs 


ther and a 


i e-recently 1 
we 2 


ey Te ot 


| We regret any 


1 


the CIA 
he Defense Department 
crazed UFOlogists 
the Linda Tripp Fan Club 
militant hairdressers 
born-again heathens 
Warren Harding look-alikes 
a Spokane wacko named Ernie 
cross-dressing Girl Scouts 


3 


during the Guif W. 
in the Balkans 
in Arca 51 
without parental permission 
at a Yeshiva pep rally 


while crouche -d on all four 
im see ugh we isuits 
r the she fun of it 


0-321 


moat dialing 10-L¢ 


5 


n the Pentagon 
on the We 
in the Drudge Report 
in Gotham City 

on a lost Seinfeld episode 

in redneck country 
far from the madding crowd 
at a hush-hush swap meet 
the Strcisand-Brolin nuptials 


HWARTIBE RG 


WRITER; ANDREW J. S 


at 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


reporte rted. that 
2 wE amoa n 
Our” story, 1 based- on or = 


r rt now been. Proven untrue. … 
+6 +. this. 


ver DR iy 


ness to wild ide 
eu “Ae have r 
he mi Eu NE 
=> fy ere: 

y” TEE 

Den ba 

pe- rh 4 


toned a Ue 


an rare À 
. Pm 4 


may have caused. 


2 


traded guns for cocaine 
traded cocaine for guns 
peddled atomic secrets 


swapped Alan Dershowitz jokes 


rejected the nickel defense 
rigged the Powerball Lottery 
mooned Boris Yeltsin 
airdropped poisoned rutabaga 
hated Paula Jones’ nose job 


4 


an anonymous source 
secret documents leaked 
a Tony Dauza prophecy 
an analy: sis c of yak droppings 
Beanie Baby hysteria 
anti-Swcdish sentiments 
the effects of El Niño 
calcium deposits 
rumblings of discontent 


6 


misunderstandings 
canceled subscriptions 


excessive salivating 


$ a 

lawsuits A 

acts of revenge 2 
suicides z 
erectile dysfunction u 
À œ 

& 

= 


ruined relationships 
hormonal changes 


here hasn't been such intense, obsessive attention given to a superstar pounding 
a small white object since Michael Jackson stopped hanging around with Macaulay 
Culkin! Yeah, it was a great feat that McGwire (oh, and some other guy on the Cubs 
who the media didn’t like as much) accomplished, but did we have to hear every 
last damn detail about it? Don't think this thing was overplayed? Take a gander at... 


MARK McGWIRE’S TIMELINE TO HISTORY 
SEPTEMBER 8, 1998 


7:19 PM 
The announcers fill in FOX TV viewers 


Before the game, McGwire and Sammy Sosa film a short presentation for the MTV Video Music on the five at-bats they just missed. 


Awards. The two ballplayers have some difficulty reading the cue cards, stumbling over their 


own nig ond interrupting each other. They ure immediately aw! ee M jobs. = ODADA 
— 
‘ 7:13 PM 
= FOX TV viewers see 
a McGwire pulling his 
. * bat on the rack. 7:17 PM 
S 7:02 PM FOX TV viewers see 
# Unwary viewers swillly catch McGwire pick his nose. 
2 7:00 PM on thal King of the Hill has 
2 The TV broadcas! begins. DS PSS RE, wnon May 
S Fox-TV announcer Jack realize that cartoons look more 7:15 PM 
Ë Buck says that Roger Maris "elistic than Mc@wire’s arms. FOX TV viewers see 
5 was a complete player, Tim FOY" oF five viewers call Fox McGwire sit down. 
McCarver says that Roger wondering why thay replaced 
Maris was the perfect team- Hank Hil wih Popeye 
= mate. Combined, this 8:18 PM 
Š makes a total of two more 7:12 PM Apparently, Mark 
3 nice things sald about Mark McGwire makes an out in his first McGwire hit a home 
é Maris tonight than the entire at-bat, The announcers Immediately run or something. We 
set the record, the phrase "stuck on 61 homers.” 


cap 1 first, it looked like 1998 was going to suck for the tobacco industry. But after 

THE TOB ACCO onths of lobbying sleazeball Congressmen, they succeeded In killing the 
much-ballyhooed Tobacco Bill as if it were one of the doomed residents of 

Marlboro Country. Now they can take the billions they would have had to cough up 

for our medical bills and pour it all into obnoxious PR campaigns and other image- 

building scams. Here's a preview of what they're planning for the coming year. 


ARTIST AND WRITER: JOHN CALDWELL 


Bribe Congressmen With Eee? EA New AT eomp Introduce Collectible 
Marlboro Merchandise C Heralding The Inherent Sex ie Baby Ashtra 
PONS ESS iis Appeal Of A Wet Hacking Cough. Dés pe 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


WRITR ANTHONY BARBIERI 


TIVOTHY SHAMFY 


ATE 


8:21 PM 

McGwire climbs Into the stands to hug 
Roger Maris’ children. His powerful athletic 
stench helps take their minds off their dad's 
record having been obliterated. 


8:19 PM 


10:46 PM 

Mark McGwire is honored in a 
postgame ceremony. He thanks 
his teammates, the Maris family, 
his own relatives, all the fans, 


8:25 PM 

Mark McGwire’s 62nd 
home run is starting to 
be incredibly annoying. 


the Wu-Tang's Ol’ Dirty Bastard. 


and tor some inexplicable reason, 


The Funk & Wagnalls dictio- 
nary people rush-release an 
announcement that they are 
replacing the word “schmuck” 


Mark McGwire’s 62nd 
home run is replayed. 


St. Louis groundskeoper Tim 8:23 PM 9:35 PM B 
Fornoris retrieves the 62nd Mark MoGwire’s Roger Maris, Jr.'s wisdom teeth 
home run, potentially worth $1 62nd home run finally shatter after holding a pub 
million, and decides to hand it is replayed, lic smile for three days straight. 
back to McGwire for nothing. 
camera Te 
8:22 PM 9:28 PM 10:50 PM 
Mark McGwire’s Cubs reliever Don Wengert Longtime baseball 
62nd home run gets the first two outs of the observers agree that they 
is replayed. ninth, lowering his ERA to have just witnessed a 
4.84. Memorabilia experts truly amazing, once-in- 
estimate that as a result of o-lifetime feat that will 
his association with never he repeated, until 
tonights drama, the value the Cubs game five days 
8:20 PM 8:24 PM of his rookie card may from now. 


soar as high as 8 cents. 


10:20 PM 


with “fomeris.” They continue 
to list as the first alternate def- 
inition, “the Arab guy who 
tried to get his van deposit 
back after bombing the World 
Trade Center.” 


9:09 PM 

McGwire walks in his third at-bat. 
He makes as much salary for this 
one plate appearance as St. Louis 
groundskeeper Tim Farneris will 


Mark McGwire holds his 
postgame press conference 
The first five reporters mind- 
lessly ask him, “So, do you 
think you can break the 
record?” out of sheer habit. 


earn in the next year. 


At A Real Rock Concert... 


Ozzy Osbourne chews the head off a bat 


At The Lilith Fair.. 


Shut up, CREEP! Your days 
of phallocentric patriarchal 


Sure it is, 
sweetie! 


Joan chews some drunk guy's head oft 


At The Lilith Fair.. 


Anyone want some 
patchouli oil? 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SEPTEMBER 9, 
9:30 AM 
McGwire recelves a 
congratulatory phone call 
the next morning from 
President Clinton. McGwire 
declines the President's 
offer of a victory cigar. 


1 fee summer's hot concert ticket was the Lilith Fair, the musical equivalent of a 
whiny, six-hour chick-flick. The brainchild of Sarah McLachlan, the fem-fest fea- 
tured such un-diverse “talents” as the irksome Paula Cole, the transcendently dull 
Natalie Merchant and the intensely annoying Indigo Girls. But what's most disturbing 
about Lilith is that its audience members actually believe they're attending a rock 
concert, which couldn't be further from the truth, as you'll see after reading... 


ROCK CONCERTS VS. THE LILITH FAIR 


JA 


My sister bleeds. 
Bleeds like my mother! 
Bleed, sister, bleed! 


THE JERRY SPRINGE 
INTERN “TO DO” LIST 


‘To: All Interns 
From; Jerry Springer 
Subjects Your Responsibilities 


Before Taping: 


ü Outfit all heavy, African-American women guests with wigs. 
(Note: Do not attach too securely, as wigs must be pulled off no 
later than third yank.) 


L Go to floral district and buy a week’s worth of bouquets. 
Keep costs down by purchasing old, wilted flowers only. 
(Remember, each bouquet is on-screen for just a few seconds 
before it’s mashed into a guest’s head.) 


Q Prepare index cards for Jerry to use when he introduces Ÿ 
guests. Do not worry whether the spelling of any of the namesis /( ( \ ms NS 


correct as Jerry will mangle the pronunciation anyway, and say Sea 
them differently every time he opens his mouth. 

During the Show: 

L) Keep al) guest’s airline tickets hidden until taping is over. 

The threat of having to pay for onc?s own plane farc back to 

Broward County, Florida goes a long way to convincing them to 


NTS TELUS SEE GTI INF 


HREAN 


PEL a IL 


come back onstage following a particularly humiliating scene, 


Qn Lead audience into sereaming cacophony as soon as any threat 

of onstage violence emerges. Once fight begins, shout encouragement to all 
participants. When sccurity guards get things under control, initiate the 
“Jer-ry! Jer-ry!” chant and continue until stage manager signals you to stop. 


LU Scan audience for question-askers for “Questions from Our Audience” segment. 
A good question-asker is very animated and angrily yells at the guests as though 
she were watching a taping of “Good Times” in which Florida Evans is harassed by 
a white welfare case worker. (Note: As an incentive, interns will receive $5 for 
each “Ya know what I’m saying?” and $10 for each “Bitch!” uttered by either 
question-asker or guest during ensuing shouting match. 


After the Show: 
L) Clean up any loose shanks of hair and scalp on and around the stage. 


LJ Collect “Final Thought” cue cards and file by topic of show (“I 
Have a Secret,” “I Won’t Let You Steal My Lover,” “Past Guests Do 
Battle,” “I Can’t Stop Cheating,” etc.) so that we can use them again and again. 


T) Check phone messages from 800 line. Remember, callers of special interest to 
our show are poor white trash, Klan members, undereducated inner-city dwellers 
who say “What-Evah!” a lot, transvestites, women with dangerously large breast 
implants and, of course, pregnant women in explosive love triangles. 


Q 
2 
2 
5 
& 
= 
3 
A 
2 
= 
< 


MRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


e all Know the story: Marv Albert bit a woman on the back, pranced 
around in a pair of panties and ended up pleading guilty to aggra- 
vated assault. (Face it, if this guy were any more of a perv, he could be 
President!) He was then fired by NBC, and for about three minutes it 


looked like his career was over. But before you could say, “YES! AND IT 
SINKS HIS TE ETH COUNTS!” Marv and his bad halr were back on the air. In fact, Marv's so 
desperate to restore his public image, it wouldn't surprise us If he 
INTO A NEW J OB announced plans for a kid-friendly, animated TV show, maybe inspired 


by Bill Cobsy’s Fat Albert cartoon series, maybe something he'd call.. 
hey-hey, l'm here to 


HEY HEY HEY, IT'S MARV ALBERT! 


that was SOME mess! 


back, gang, it’s 
Mary Albert! 


Rudy here says 
you tried to 
chew the skin off 
some. girl's back! 


That's right! And then he 
put on her underwear! Why 
you wanna wear girl's 
underwear, Mary Albert? 


RAD AE : 


| heard you got all fired from 
your announcing job! And they 
gave it to Mush-Mouth! 


ohnbson grababs the reboundb...oublet 
pabss to Starkbs...lonside to Ewbing... 
YESB! Andb he’s foulbed on the playb! 


What have we learned today, kids? Biting 
girls on the back and dressin’ up in their under- 
wear can get you in a WHOLE LOTTA trouble! 
People will make fun of your hair weave! And 
you can even lose your job! So, remember, set- 
tle out of court and go into therapy! Sure beats 
doin’ hard time in the slammer! 


It’s all Rudy, you're 


lies, like school in 
i Rudy! | the summer — 
£ was just 
a curious! $ 
2 
x 
3 
Li 
= 
8 
2 
x 
=< 
= 
s 
5 an {da 
i (Sie 


== Sane ¢ = 
“AD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ion- y tive organizations with 
u're a group of Christion-bosed, conserva 
ed lion dollars ta spend. Do yot Se a epee poe a 
2 pont be so naive! You blow the milio 
eed lagic-bending ads espousing a widely-discredited roni that 
one can be “cured” of homosexuality througn counseling on pepa: 
What we pray is that somebody would spend millions to run this ad. 


A NEWSPAPER AD 
| WE'D LIKE TO SEE 


Fm living proof that 


Untruths can win you votes. 


“Recently, several prominent right-wing politicians like Gary Bauer and Trent Lott have spoken out 
against homosexuality...likening it to kleptamania and calling it a sin. When I was a homophobe, I 
liked hearing stuff like that...until I realized that homosexuals are God’ children too,..and that 


2 


politicians were just playing an my fears and ignarance ta trick me inta voting far them.” 


One boy's joke and the making of a homophobe. 
“was nine years old when a teenage boy first made a joke 
about someone who was gay. Sumething about a 
gay waiter and rice pudding. I didn't get it, bur 1 44 
laughed anyway. It made me feel cool, like one KAS 


ugly, dark road of mental and emotional instabil- 
ity, culminating in the Fall elections when I 
voted Republican — straight Republican, if 
. you know what 1 mean.” 


= + 


l Once God answers He 
e Me see gri as I a or mine w id never hangs up. Though 

ugh at these Jokes, even 1oug) suspecte He m ut on hold. 
they were wrong. Saddest of all, T heard my ny Reyes 


parents and their fricads making the same © 
kind of dumb jokes, usually about some guy 
named Liberace.” 


Being a decent man became a mystery. 
“By the time I hit my teens I was macho...my 
heart cold, my brain dead, I believed being “macho” meant pick- 


Thousands of people 


"I knew I was running from God, and 
one day I just put it to Him: ‘Lord, 1 dont 
want to be an A-hole my whole life. I need 
you to help me.’ Shortly after that prayer, I 
met an enlightened man, a former bomophobe, © 
who listened to my story and led me to a group À 
of average American people. People who under- 


ing on the sensitive and vulnerable,..so mistreating gays felt right. stand that we must have tolerance and understanding of 
Thad so thoroughly rejected my own decency that I found myself | “Ae these paid models | others, despite what all the pandering politicians were saying on 
hanging out on street corners with other guys, looking to taunt | Zave deen repulsed by | TY and in slick newspaper ads. This is what America is all about. u 
and beat up anyone we suspected of being a homosexual. On | extremist ads which | A homophobe no more, I was fiually on the road to sanity.” Ë 
uights when we couldu’t find any, we took turns acting gay and mash gays and attempt Changing hearts. Changing political parties. Pe 
caring up tach oches age mom one dv “Leaving homophobia was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. A 
There's a phallic-shaped hole in many people's head. others. Throughout the Í finally saw the perverse patterns of my insensitivity and came to z 
“My homophobia really blossomed in college, and I quickly US. many, People are | understand the underlying fears that had sparked my stupid 
joined a campus anti-pay/eshian group. But it was in the course | Working to combat this) behavior. As my knowledge grew, T knew T was changed forever 
of those meetings that À realized À was morally bankrupt — and intolerance. Most, Gone were the words faggot, homo, queer and rump-wrangler from g 
not just because we had beer and hookers at the meetings. While | 4ewewer, are typical | my vacabulary. More importantly, gone was my tolerance for those 3 
I longed to be “one of the guys,” 1 knew gay bashing just wasn't | Americans and dont | who claim to speak in the name of God for their own personal 2 
right, That’s when I went home and prayed, “Cod, please help me to | giveadamn one way | wealth and gain. 2 
understand why I keep acting like u freakin’ moron.” ur the other. There is another way out. Trent, Newt, are you listening? ë 
Knock and He'll answer (Unless you're an Amway salesman.) “Please, if you, a friend or politician you know is struggling with homo- à 
“Change didn't come overnight. Within six months T'd made a firm decision phobia, show them this story. Remind them that God made man in His a 
to forsake homophobia, though | still had a strong desire to laugh at jokes and image ~ gays included! Are we now saying that He goofed? People should 2 
snickering references abour Richard Simmons. Even though I filled my days be judged by their actions and deeds, nat their sexual preference. And that’s 


with Christian activity, I (ell back into hanging around with the same old 
homophobic crowd. Only now the Richard Simmons jokes were replaced with 
George Michael jokes. The pain inside me was intense as I spiraled down an 


a wuih you'll never hear froth sleazy politician bottom-fishing for votes or 
a self-appointed political opportunist masquerading under the pretense of 
doing God's work. 


If yau really lave your fellow man, it doesn’t matter if he’s gay. And that’s the truth. 


In the public interest, this message was paid for by the following organizations; representing milhons of average Americans. 

= Miiance Against Gary Bauer and Other Intolerant Line Twerps 

© Organization of NFL Fans Who Think Reggie White Suftered Some 
Sort of Head injury or Why Else Would He Be Acting Like That, Inc. 


œ Citizens Who Think Trent Lott and Company are Full of Crap 
© The Council of Americans Who Have Actually Read the Constitution 
e Federation of Clergymen Against Using God's Name to Further a Political Agenda 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST AND WRITER: PETER KUPER 


FD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


GO WITH THE FLOBEE DEPT. 


Since so many people were complaining about TV shows always being interrupted by countless commercials, some clever 
TV executives decided to eliminate them completely! No, not the commercials; they eliminated the showel And 60 the pro- 
gram-length commercial, the infomercial, was born! But if you think it’s easy to fill up 30 minutes pitching spray-on under- 
arm hair, machines that freeze-dry celery and industriai-vacuum-powered hair clippers, you're WRONG! It takes crafty plan- 
ning to create your own Infomercial, so we've complled all the sneaky techniques and tips you'll need to get those 1-800 
phone lines humming! Sold elsewhere for over $100, we're including it with this issue of MAD ABSOLUTELY FREE!!! It’s MAD's... 


GUIDE TO 


Testimonials 
& Disclaimers 


Your Checklist 
for Final Editing 


Pitching the Product 


Selecting a Host 


2. WANNABE STARS 
SELECTING These are 2nd-string actors who normally play bit parts in 3rd-rate TV 
A HOST shows. For them, a lead role in an infomercial is a major career break, 
so they'll do their best to give you a “dazzling, stellar, knockout per- 
When selecting a host 1. ane 1e formance.” Best of all, they work even cheaper than Washed-up Stars! 
r à Foto 
for your infomercial, RR ae 29 om ne 
you have 3 basic weight ex-bo: f And now, to demonstrate the Incredi-mop 3000, 
f hich EISER EROS, you all remember him as Raj's friend Gully in the 
groups trom whic acon heroes with arthri- “Rerun gets stuck in a footlocker” episode of 
to choose: tis and “one-hit-wonder What's Happenin!, Leroy Dugan! 


'70s pop singers are just 

a few of the choices in 

this colorful group. Best 

of all, they work cheap! 
200 LI = 

I'm sure you all but today l'm 


Know me for here to show 
something else... you a product... 


that 
will change 
your life! 


3. FAKE, FABRICATED STARS 
These are “star hosts” you just kind of make up as you go 
along. Don't worry about lying; no one watching will know this 
nobody well enough to be sure he isn’t what you say he is! 


And now, here he is, 
world famous from 
Melbourne to 
Montreal, the man 
who's advised com- 
modores, viscounts 
and comptrollers, 
the man hailed as 
the greatest motiva- 

tional speaker of all 
ine Archie é> 
“Maverick” Melden! 


ARTIST: PAUL COKER WRITER: ROB WIPOND 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 35 


Whatever it is you're selling, call it a “system.” 
"= 


PITCHING 


This amazing offer includes 


everything you see here: 
the Beverage Drinking System. It’s very important to make the 


the Food Holding System and — f viewers at home feel like they're 
ee EE LE PS | HA) watching a regular TV show, not an 
Servi he System for only $170! =) endless commercial break. So, break 
7 LE up your infomercial with plenty of 

f commercial messages from yourself. 


TEE. i Í 


We're learning so much today about 
the pocket pasta system! Now, after 
this message about the pocket pasta 
system, we'll be back to tell you more 
about the pocket pasta system! 


THE 
PRODUCT 


Give your viewers all kinds of fascinating information about your product, but never 
make the mistake of telling them anything that lets them figure out what your prod- 
uct actually is. If they knew that, they'd never pay what you're asking for that crap. 


My revolutionary techniques are thor- |* You'll learn how to 
| oughly explained in clear step by-step put ads in the “For 
| fashion, They use advanced technologies Sale” section of 

to expand your horizon for maximizing | newspaper classifieds! 
|| profits. and they will amaze you with their § 
Q simplicity and effectiveness! Q 


Make sure your product is always Always give away free bonus frills with extraor- 
dinary “estimated values” so your viewers will 


much cheaper than something else, $ 4 
whatever that something else is. think they're saving money by spending money. 


WHEN 
IT’S TIME 
TO TALK 


For $29.95, not 
only du you receive 
the Stickystuff 
Engine Lubricant. 
we'll also include 
FREE the rubber 
driving gloves val- 
ued at $99, the 


The cost of surgically implanting healthy abdominal 
muscles is $1.2 million! Having a personal trainer 
massage your love handles for twenty minutes 
every day for thirty years is $156,000! But the 

amazing AbCrusher is ONLY $59.95!!! 


dashboard pen 
holder valued at 
$139, and the auto 
air-freshener 
valued at $200! It's 


a package worth 
over $467. all yours 
for just $29.95! 


Ez 


à se P 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Remember to qualify the claims about your product with tiny, tiny dis- 
claimers. They'll save your butt when some disgruntled customer sues 
you for false advertising — and a pesky little percentage always does! 


DEP à Le i SE” 


TESTIMONIALS 


~ 


TT 


tt 
a! Cl 


& 
DISCLAIMERS 


So. let me get this straight. Bob: ever since you 
received my Make Colossal Stupendous Mountains 
of Money Immediately audiocassettes, you've been 

making $1,000 per minute??1 


Include lots of “objective” praise for 
your product, no matter how vague. 


These videos are really some- 
thing else. No one teaches like 
Posby teaches. I've done this 

professionally for forty-two 
only Posby is Posby! 


As 
PI AA 
4. 


A oad 4 san. 
These results are EXTREME, NOT TYPICAL and, In fact, 
BEAR ABSOLUTELY NO RELATIONSHIP TO REALITY. 


Pay for a live studio audience filled with actors who will be 
constantly surprised, thrilled, and amazed by your product. 
(FC SE Cee UY VOX Xe Jos Je B yey 
Incredible! That It does! This astounding jar 
jar really does It holds certainly does what 
hold things you they say it does! 
put in it! It really does! 


g 1: 


UR PHONE NUMBER!!! ++**KEEP FLASHING YOUR PHONE NUMBER!!!» 


ASS VA VE A > 
\ i 1 Li De” (Ls 

YOUR CHECKLIST i 
FOR FINAL EDITING 7 

al includes lots of repetition. 
d a lot in your infomercial. 
lots of things that repeat 


xxxxxKEEP FLASHING YO 


Give a “full money back guarantee” with your prod- 
uct, Just remember two things: 1) Make sure your 
“money back guarantee” doesn’t include “shipping 
and handling” costs. 2) Make sure the real price of 
your product is built into the “shipping and handling” 
costs, so you make a profit even when they return 
it — and a pesky little percentage always does! 
«= — [> Eg \% AN y ~ T 

la x ai 
1 The Sobadoba Pillow | 
= is guaranteed to 

1 make you sleep like 

4| a dead man, or you'll à 
Fi get a complete refund! |- PF >: 


s i Ke [el y 


1.Make sure your infomerci 

/ 9.Make sure things are repeate 

A 3.Your infomercial should have 

again and again. 

44| 4.Be certain your info 

| agi hse e, reiterate, 

W Rate gr reines throughout 

A the infomercial, and again at the end. 

6.Cut all scenes which do not solidly reinforc 
any of the above. 


jal i lete, 

n the infomercial is complete, z 

g> is, “if you make multiple random copies of m 

separate random sections and record tt = ou 
order yet wind up with the exact same infome 


started with, you've done a good job.” 
8.Did you remember to keep flashing your 
phone number? 


mercial makes the same points 


e or re-establish 


an excellent rule of 


NA SU | 
wale i 
HET 5 


QE j'le 


One Pillow — $89.95 Shipping and Handling — $14.95 
Comes wilh full money back guaranles (less s&h) 


nan (ZEN FRAUDS 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc.’ 


ANGSTER'S PARADISE DEPT. 


When last we 
left our hero Monroe he was 
plummeting through the out-of-bounds 
trail and down an icy glacier to hig impending 


the mantra of X Games gold medalist Shawn ats : \ LE 
Palmer, “to live life to the extreme”? Will he press fi > 
on to confront his fears, like his overzealous $ + à. er > fa 
ski mogul headmaster, Principal Flaherty? Or i CN LE ; | í 
will his pal Walter be looking for a new 
best friend? Find out all this — and ; s \ 
more! — in this thrilling G ( R> : ; SPAY Ry "i FL $ A PP SA 
conclusion Ill B hi TS 


Mr. 
Flaherty, ¥ 


We're goin 
I'm over Boing 


to have to hunker- 
down until help comes. $. 
We'll just sit and look at 

those pretty storm 


cafeteria milk PF : — cong 
EF ; thi 
didn't have R ie way 


Not to worry, ¥ 
son. I've got just 
the thing to take 

Inq your mind off being 
cold. I'll read us 

a little some- 

thing by Jon 

s Krakauer. = 


| busted 


There's the 
liHla mountaineer! Wa 
Į saw you on the news! The 
whole school watched it 
in the auditorium! 


lt is Monroe! 
When | get ahold 
of him, he's gonna RSR Principa 
wish he died on 
that slope. 


was the scene 
as daring rescue 
: workers found 
Ahhh... f the stranded 


À That's better! 


P CUE 
A]  * ERARI 
ons, Inc. 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publica 


ti 


THE SCHOOL TRIP 


ARTIST: BILL WKAY WRITER: ANTHONY BARBIERI [ ART ll ll 


Jeez! Don't run 


Monroe! 
Where are you, 


~ 7 Up on 4 man like that, re] Monroe went Good God, man! 
~ | m Walter! | thought you were Es off a dangerous | put him on the lift! | almost 
some kind of crazed slope! | think he's feel responsible! Okay, that's 
snow monkey! 7 all busted up on passed! Don't worry! I'll 
7 2 the rookel ar find the hay! 


"the altitude 
had started to play = Nonsense! © = The storm's : 
tricks with our minds. 7 We're almost to P y d passed! Man, | have to 
The ice on my eyes was ya a Stop FA the disaster a s pee, but with my leg, 1 don't know 
reading any = S if | can even stand! | have to be like 
just lying in the ee Shawn Palmer! | have to look Æ 
snow and going = gig Fear in the eye and slap 
= F him downl 1 


You should > I'm your 
have heard them d 7 principal. If you 
laugh! It cheered Shy Fogo want advice, talk to your 


people sent m $ : cut short | packed J 
everyone up! folks a bill Pi guidance counselor! IESE Ha 


$26.000! They said this chest for 
that since | went out i po 4 | youl 
of bounds | was, s ' : 
“accountable for 


your trip was 


= 


DLR Copyright © 2006 by E C. 


Publications, Inc. 


4 


NERDS OF A FEATHER DEPT. 


Had his arm broken in 

17 places by Teamsters 

who mistook his Vulcan 
salute for the Finger. 


7 Leg 


“genuine” Styrofoam replica of 
a green dilithium crystal used to 
power the Starship Enterprise. 


Has been posing as a 
Romulan warrior ever 
since his father caught 
him putting on his kid 


Pulled in $3,000 from 
the sale of cheeseburgers, 
and that was just to 
James “Scotty” Doohan. 


Wes 


Unfortunate Ferengi 
look-alike hoping 
that this is a good 

place to score. 


= aes 


ea Mr. leona 


\ 


Still pissed off at Shatner 
for making that "get a 
life" remark to Trekkers 
on Saturday Night Live 

over ten years ago. 


Had a little 


too much 


“Romulan Ale." 


RP ES 
blications, Inc. 6 se 


FDA | LE , te 
Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Pu 


a, Lo OP TEE 


Convinced that saying "Resistance Is 
Futile" to women will get him laid, even 
though alll it's gotten him so far is a 
fractured skull, six busted ribs, 17 cracked 
teeth and a few dozen restraining orders. 


Frothing at the 
mouth because someone 
called him a "Trekkie” 
and not a “Trekker.” 


Mees 


Trying to work 
up enthusiasm 
over the fact 
that tonight's 

guest speaker is 

Nichelle Nichols’ 


Ticked off that his podiatrist. 


ability to speak Fluent 
Klingon hasn't gotten him 
a better job than New 
York City cabdriver. 


Still trying to figure out 
where the hell are 
Jabba the Hutt, Darth 
Vadar and Yoda. 


i T yb J Ck ` 


Blew out his retinas [oie $ ign Wf” NS a fe 
after engaging ina = 5 Pel e; OE a EJ 


£ a EN = ; z j} . l 3 
97-hour “Kirk vs. Picard” Bane NZ . > LT TRI I UE 2 : 
t the int t. : awe Ssh Ke De. RS 
debate on the in se PY ; DD Rene | 22 A 
; Z 


p 4 ATA LES, = = 
AT £ J ae Al Can't stop himself p- = LP Actual alien beings, 
Rp i AN" 4 from giggling when he Egg: now convinced that 
A z B. hears the phrase ZE > there is no intelligent 
“We've entered a FE GPCRS, life on earth. 


wormhole, Captain!” 


ASS À 
=e … 
y AY 


PARTY OF THE FIRST PARSE DEPT. 


The Ambivalence Chaser 


A NOT-SO-GRAND JURY TESTIMONY 


Do you mean the 
entire period of time 
How do between midnight and 


Good morning, 
Mr. President! 


Morning? 
3 Wait a minute! 


: B 3 Pa AN you define 
1 à “morning”? 


Now my personal understanding 
of the term “morning” is that it 
has nothing to do with sunrise, 


Therefore, | wouldn't 
warit to compromise 
the integrity of my 
office by answering 
questions about the 
morning, especially 
since its legal defini- 
tion 15 50 ambiguous. 

EE 


noon. or just the time 
between when | 
wake up and noon? 
IN 


And isn't it a fact that 
it's never morning 
everywhere at the 

same time? [ts 
always afternoon or 
night somewhere. 


GE 
d : 
= 
4 
¥ 
; 


Okay! I'll withdraw 
my “Good Morning"! 


How's it hangin’, 
Mr. President? 


à 25, » À SHOW OF MILITARY FARCE DEPT. 


Following in his father’s footsteps as an 
inept naval aviator, LL Commander Harm- 
less Drab suffered a crash while attempting 
to land his fighter jet on the aircraft carrier 
S.S. Gimelstob on a calm and clear day! 


k 


| can’t land What blinding 
= thisjeton [MN rainstorm? it’s 
| the deck of fn 90° and sunny 
he an aircraft out! You acciden- 
y carrier in | tally hit the wind- |- 
“| this blinding shield washer, 


rainstorm! you idiot! 


Diagnosed with minor night blindness and pos- 
sible dimple damage, Lt. Harmless Drab was 
transferred to the Jerky Advocates Bureau or 
JAB, which investigates, mocks, distorts and, if 
there’s lime left, prosecutes the law of the sea... 


eae EL ET S 


You don't have 
to wear that in 
here. Drab! We 


That's your 
first 
assignment 


“| may prosecute of the 

= the law of day! Fix 
the sea, but that 

| we're 30 miles leaky pipe 


from any water! 


With fellow JAB lawyer Hack McFrenzie, he 
now fights in and out of the courtroom, and in 
and out of barrooms, and in and out of 
bedrooms, with the same daring and tenacity 
that made him a dangerous threat in the air! 


Cause 


We're those 
“American without f 
| pigs”! And we that old i 


don't use Top 
Gun techniques 
in the court- 


| this show is 
Just Awfully M 
| do you always || Boring! Or fi 

as we say À 
in the 


I'm Lt. Harmless Drab! l'm 


not just a macho, jargon- 
spouting, muscle-flexing, 


handsome male chauvinist! 
I'm a macho, jargon-spout- 


ing, muscle-flexing handsome 


male chauvinist LAYWER! My 


job here at JAB is to get 
innocent men off! My job 
outside of the office is to 


get innocent WOMEN off, but 


that's a whole other story — 


you can read about that 
in the letters column of 
the current Penthouse! 


LEGAL BRIEFS 


I'm Major Hack 
McFrenzie! Here at JAB 
we examine every mili- 

tary case involving 
murder, espionage, 
stolen weapons and 
hijacking! That's the 
bad news! The good 
news is we only 
have to solve one 
case a week and none 
during summer re- 
runs! Reruns are when 
we re-solve cases 
we've already solved! 


I'm Admiral Chuckwagon! 


I'm a great leader, 
which means | display 
a pushy, hard-nosed 
authority and never 
smile! It also means | 
know how to delegate 
responsibility so | 
have no actual work of 
my own to do! | keep a 
low profile behind a 
closed office door and 
people assume l'm Just 
Acting Busy — which is 
what JAB means to mel 


I'm Bub Robots, 


Drab's assis- 
tanti I want 
to be a law- 
yer more than 
anything in 
the world, but 
l'm not sure 
| have what 
it takes! Sure, 
I'm smart 
enough! I'm 
just not sure 
I'm sleazy 
enough! 


ARTIST: ANGELO TORRES \ 


\ AN @ 
JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I'm Ensign Harried 
Simmer and | work 
closely with Bub 
— real closely 
these days, be- 
cause | just mar- 
ried him! | love 
a man in uniform, 
and with Bub's 
chubby, overweight 
body, | love him in 
his uniform all 
the time! Even in 
bed! ESPECIALLY 
in bed! 


We've discovered that 

the base's surveillance 
equipment is missing! This 
pm] means we're vulnerable to 

spies, AND there are no 
cameras for us to borrow 

to tape personal events 
like parties and weddings! 


This is 
Major Bust, 
Secretary 


This is 
General 
Goofoff, 
who's In 
Charge of 

Stuff No One 
Else Is In *| Where They Hi 
Should Be! 


When you 
shoot the 


We'll 
interrogate 


My team here at JAB 
will give me a full 


report within two everyone, perpe- 

days, or 48 hours if and if that trator, 

they push hard doesn't shoot 
«| enough! If necessary, work, we'll this man 
P| they'll interrogate also ask tool He's 


| want the 
thief found 
NOW! | want 
him given 
a fair trial, 
and then | 
| want him shot! 
Understood? 


Sir, we'll 
get him, 
but you 


a man for 
stealing 
cameras! 


Thoughts 
on how to 
proceed so 
we can 
wrap this 
case 
up fast? 


Why don't we 
check the 
tapes from 
surveillance 
cameras to see 
if they give 
any clues? 


everyone on this base! questions] f an idiot! 


Glad to 


Yes, sir! The see our 
boys in the million- 
electronics lab dollar 
tracked down the = tracking 
cameras! They're at |= equipment 


a Lt. Jenkins’ home, 
half a mile away! 


AB HEADQUARTERS 1159 HOURS. ACTUALLY IT’S 
NOON, BUT “1159 HOURS” LOOKS SO OFFICIAL! ™ 


They didn't use 
tracking equipment! 
Whoever stole the 
cameras tied them 

together here and f 
didn't cut the string! f 
It led to the front 
door of Lt. Jenkins! 


I'll go 
question 
Jenkins 
now! 


can't shoot 


Don't try to 
confuse me f 
with legal | 
mumbo- 
jumbo, 
® Drab! Or I'll 
have you 
shot, too! 


of this 
nature 
isn't 
=| punishable ig 
by death! 


stealing À 


suggest we need 
to install 
surveillance 
cameras Lo 
monitor the surveil- 
lance cameras! 


cameras 
and tapes 
were 
stolen, 
Bub! 


| can handle No! You're 


it alone! like a 
breast 
But | wanna go friend! Er, 
with youl Don't a BEST 
you feel a deep friend! Now 
sexual tension legs gol Er, 
between us? LET'S go! 


| There's the 


you add to bit 
this inves- of 
tigation? 


A Then come 
little with usl A 

little bit 
of ANYTHING 

is a help! 


What will 


levity?! 


Yes! But it 


| know you 
saw a lot of 
action before 
you joined JAB, 
Drag. but how 
about you, Bub? | ~ 
You see much 
action? 


You kidding? | 
lived through 
jungle warfare! 
Bomb raids, booby 
traps, land 
mines, senseless 
killings... 


If a train 


Bosnia? 


Worse! My 
condo board 
meetings! They 
were tough! | 
had to quit! 
Too scary! 


Hack said we 


had to ask 
difficult 
questions, 
and | never 
get that 
one right! 


leaves Detroit} | Why 
with 231 are 
passengers you 
and is asking 
traveling 
at 85 mph — 


If this is the Lt. 
levity you Jenkins, 
were bringing, we've got 
I'm going to to ask 
follow the you some 
General's difficult 
order and questions! 


brings up an 
interesting 
question! 

Where do you 

display stuff 
you steal? 


hink about 
it! If you 
steal stuff, 
you don't 
put it in 
the picture 
window! 


equipment! 
But | have 
a feeling 
Jenkins 
didn't 
steal the 
stuff! 


600 HOURS, PLUS SOME ASSORTED MINUTES. 
LT. JENKINS’ HOUSE. NEEDS A PAINT JOB. 


I have no choice but 
to arrest you, 
charge you with 
theft of government 
property, and to 
hold this diary as 

possi 


It's my only 
dramatic choice! 
| could look the 
other way, but we need 
a flimsy case so we can 
do one of our famous 
“courtroom” endings! 


OKI Ask 
anything 


Thanks, 
but we have 
our own 
Yellow 
Pages down 
at JABI 


Don't open 
that book! 
It's personal! 
Here, open this 
book instead! 


May I 


you want! ask 
My life 
is an 
open book! 


what is 
in the 
book, sir? 


<= 2 a WN 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. ~ 


PSE a RD 


“Are you positive? Think! [M 


Court is now in 


| don't Maybe | think | was 
think Lt. [$ That's gonna | | he brainwashed session in the case have This Is very Important! 
Jenkins is A be my defense! was once! That's 4 of The United States any Re, 
guilty! Why would a man brain- why I'm a lit- | Government vs. The enemies, | have no enemies! 
He's got | with a perfect washed |- | tle dimwitted! Navy Guy Sitting Over Lieu- However, | do have 
a perfect military into After my brain There! Commander tenant? | | some acquaintances 
military record suddenly was washed, Hack, you may start who loathe me, 


it shrunk! if that counts! 


record! start stealing? the questioning! 


0730 HOURS, ADJUST FOR YOUR 
LOCAL TIME ZONE. JAB COURT. 


Yes, Lieutenant, Why must you Objection! What I know that! But | know this show well! 
that's very 64 find me innocent? are you talking every week we try It’s not only senti- 

a important! | need | Py TI about, Commander? to work in some mental garbage, 
all the facts in Because This man is nothing sentimental garbage it's flashbacks, 
order to prove you're like your father! | about my father! too! You want some 
that you're NOT like the This man is younger This seemed as great flashbacks? 
guilty! | MUST father | than youl And good a place as any! Watch these! 

_ | find you innocent! African-American! 


never knew! 


This leaping around can be good and had! 
It's good because | take winning lottery 
numbers and icap back in time to play 
them! The bad news is, | have over eight 
million dollars in winnings, bul no way 

to get my checks! I'm never in one 

place long enough to receive maill 


Magnumib, | want 
you to check 
out that ship! 

It looks very 

suspicious!! 


It's probably just a 
bunch of mainland 
tourists . . . fishing! 


! M 
Hogan Si Abe Joo! et ent - aiti 


Cr O Ea 


PT ps 


Wait a minute! Those 


Well, in TV land, Lieutenant. | And how, General, 
flashbacks aren't Not really! two entertaining have here the I did you know it 
even from this They were shows out of three | - diary we took object! |. was YOU | was 
series! They're created by Don has got to be some fy from your home! Why talking about? 
from Magnum, PI Bellisario, the kind of record! | see an entry am! i a - 
and Quantum Leap! same guy who But let's get | that concerns being SS Er...Psychic cer 
We could get sued ’ Icame up with THIS back to the case someone here in singled == Friends 
for using them! dreary show! at hand, shall we? the oe out? emer Network? 


HA . a] 

Ae ae nites 

x Ar 
| CP, 


Yes, General Goofoffl The man you reported to 


No, a à pit bull 


Lieutenant, you And who 
made a note in versus a doberman — owned A the authorities for violating the Navy dog leash law 
your diary that neither onc paper those dogs, some nine years ago! Your case came up in two days kes 


General Goofoff Lieutenant? 
almost got you 
killed in a 
dogfight! Combat 


F-14s, | assume! 


because you're just a lieutenant! His case was about 
to come up, nine years after the incident because 
he’s a general! He planted those cameras in your 
house for revenge!! | intend to prove that General 

Goofoff's fingerprints were all over the cameras! 


trained! Both big 
dogs! It was pretty 
gruesome! | was left 

with a limp and a 

bad case of fleas! 


“PATE J5 $ 9 css ; D le Tar: à 4 8 QAR LE 
Not truel No, because | Your honor, Lobject!! |$ | Nice going today! [@| What b There's zy Because that cat g 
That's = wore gloves when | | object that 1 was given |) $} You won! But i'm |” | are | acat É reminds me of the ALT 
impossible! | planted them |” | anidiottodefendwho f= #4 a sore loser, and you stuck up |} father 1 never had! 

and...er, may | hung himself without À I'm in charge of doing | | a tree! 1 | | You see, my father f-~ 
ask the court giving me the opportunity Aj the assignments with must was i a tree.. 

Because for a recess... to deliver even ONE | (i here, so you'll that | |save him! TA 7 

you're say, another boring lawyer speech be working the ladder, 
innocent? nine years? that would hang him! next 77 weekends! Drab? 


JAB HEADQUARTERS - FOR THE LAST). 
TIME THIS SHOW - WE PROMISE 


GRIEVING LAS VEGAS DEPT. 


'S CELEBRITY CAUSE-OF-DEATH 


BETTI LE ODDS 


Our team of crack oddsmakers gives you the latest Vegas line on how 
one of today’s biggest stars is going to go to the big white chair in the sky! 


THIS MONTHS FUIS RE AFTER-LIFEGUARD: 


a ‘Brows ae attempting 4 kalan. 2 
+ Catastrophic Speedo accident 


| mk from constant tummy tucks, ae a 28 | ss 
a ne ad fair oan dD e “ee 


WHAT ATTRACTION HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 
opewranstoTHE MAD FOLD-IN 


Aiter the strike a couple of years ago, people thought baseball was all but 
3 ALLPARK IN RECORD dead in the eyes of the fans. Key happenings this season, however, have 


turned opinions around and once again baseball is the national pastime. To 


| UMBERS THIS YEAR? find out why baseball was such a big hit this year, fold page in as shown. 


FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 
FOLD THIS SECTION OVER LEFT € FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS “B 


BEANBALLS AND HOMERS ARE A PART OF DO OR DIE 

BASEBALL THAT DRAWS PAYING FANS. AND SO, BY 

GIVING ATTENDEES SOMETHING SPECIAL TO RE- 
ACT TO, CLUBS ARE SURE OF LOYAL FANS ALWAYS 


Ad MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


