TOMB RAIDER ٭‎ SCI-FI « THE МВА 


$2.50 Cheap! 


EXCLUSIVES, ` 


My Love 


жа? 


Ay (Il 7 
оруг 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc 


ight © 


LUE 


#381 May 1999 ou Price 


#5 IN А SERIES 


n important message from 656 


Director of Business & Development, 


Consider a lobster. Or a man in a lobster suit. Or a lobster in a mans 
suit (not shown). Either way, it’s obvious to 

even the most casual of lobster 
observers that lobsters don't give 


a damn. Thats where I come in. 


And that’s where MAD comes 
in. Yes, MAD — the magazine 
whose time is and was and con- 
tinues to be — gives a damn about 
what you consider, whether you consider 
it or not. This includes not just crustaceans but other sea 
creatures (also not shown) апа even creatures that arent 


sea creatures.(Sarry, no room to show them, either.) 


The important thing to remember is that its impor- 
tant to remember important things, even things 
that don't seem important, like MAD, which is 

very important — at least when compared with a 
lobster. Except perhaps at a lobster dinner, which, 
like subscribin ig to MAD, is а good idea for you, but not a lobster. 


Thats why I don the lobster suit and risk the scalding hot kettle and 
the drawn butter sauce. Because I give a damn about what’ 
important, even though lobsters dont. 


Order the veal entree. 


Subscribe to MAD now! 


Visa ор MASTERCARD ONLY! CALL 


1-800-4 MAD MAG 


MON FRI SAM. - 11 BM. Eastern Time 9 A.M. - 6 DM. SAT USA. And Canada Orders Only! 


Or USE ONE OF THF ANNOYING POSTPAID CARDS INCONVENIENTLY STUFFED SOMEWHERE IN THIS ISSUE 
TO GET YOUR MAD SUBSCRIPTION ROLLING! 


lr POSTPAID CARD 15 MISSING WRITE TO: 


MAD P.O. Box 52345, Boutper CO 80322-2345 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


А 


E AAT ` کے‎ a 
LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: 
MAY NUMBER ; S Random Samplings of Reader Mail...2 
1999 381 | с STAR CROFT LOVERS DEPARTMENT: 

The Diary of a Tomb Raider Fanatic...4 
William Gaines 
founder HOOP SCHEMES DEPARTMENT: 
а How the МВА Plans to Win Back the 
С 


Jenette Kahn ~A Love of Their Former Fans...8 
president & editor-in-chief 2? 
й < Y ANGSTER'S PARADISE DEPARTMENT: 
Paul Levitz УА Ww» ^ Monroe &...Las Vegas Part l...10 
executive vice president & publisher (же), 
; А ; - WHO GIVES A FLYING FACT DEPARTMENT: 
Nick Meglin & John Ficarra Pop Up Porno Videos...14 
editors 
1 | SOY STORY DEPARTMENT: 
Editorial: 4 ; Tofu Times...17 


Charlie Kadau & Joe Raiola senior editors 


: т Xe p y HIDE ‘N’ CRITIQUE DEPARTMENT: 
David Shayne associate editor 2 د‎ d : instant TV дейсін. 06 
Amy Mavrikis assistant editor d ٣ 2. 
Dick DeBartolo 1 ۱ 5 THE PLANE TRUTH DEPARTMENT: 
creative consultant Brutally Honest Flight Attendant Announcements...94 


Annie Gaines managing editor ٦ к; 1 б: 2 \ JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT: 
Dorothy Crouch vp-licensed | AER У Spy Vs. Spy...26 
publishing and associate publisher 1 E. ТҮРЕ 


“Theres no business like show business, although‏ ' ہج 


Arl Department: in terms of compassion, the Mafia comes close!” -.( ей E. Neuman 


Sam Viviano art director 


Nadina Simon associate art director APPRAISE THE THING DEPARTMENT: 
: Scenes from the "Antiques Freakshow” (A MAD TY Satire)...29 


Leonard Brenner graphics consullant 


Thomas Nozkowski production < çe کہ‎ ) MA THE CLODS MUST BE CRAZY DEPARTMENT: 
Marla Weisenborn production artist : Son 4 The Paranoid Psychotic's Guide to Foiling Paparazzi...32 


۹ ۷7 ж 
Circulation e exem ته‎ UNREAL ESTATE DEPARTMENT. 
Dixie Be d A x 2P Introducing Gravel Vista Gardens...34 
Tracy Bowen GENERATION HEX DEPARTMENT: 


"Sub-Brainy The Teenage Wretch" (Another MAD ТУ Satire)...35 
Administration: 
Patrick Caldon ı p-finance & operations Mv YOU'VE GOT MALE DEPARTMENT: 
Alison Gill exec. dire ing е NA A MAD Guide to Mr. Right and Mr. Wrong...39 
Lillian Laserson vp | امه‎ 7 ens 87 
۹ و‎ : : SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT: 
Contributing Artists And Writers А MAD Look at Hotels...42 
the usual gang ot idiots 
PLAN IT HOLLYWOOD DEPARTMENT: 
MAD's Science Fiction Primer...45 


GRIEVING LAS VEGAS DEPARTMENT: 
MAD's Celebrity Cause-of-Death Betting Odds...48 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT: 
"Drawn Out Dramas" by Sergio Aragones... 
Various Places Around the Magazine (ЖҰ 


ыт COVER ARTIST: SCOTT BRICHER 


A A ere © 2006 سے‎ ЕС. "Publications. Inc. 


aam 


MAD #382 
ON $ALE MAY 18! 


YOU OUGHTA BEANY PICTURES 


As anyone who attended lost summers Phila | 
delphia Folk Festival will fondly remember, the 
highlight of the event was the appearance of MAD | 1 
Associate Art Director Nadina. "Beany' Simon, | 
Cheers of *Bea-ny! Bea пу!” could be heard rippling | 
throughout the crowd. Always magnanimous, , 
Beany helped fulfill a lifelong dream of legendary 
folk artist Arlo Guthrie when she agreed to have | 
her photo taken with him. Coincidentally, АЛО - 
happened to have the latest сору of MAD tucked | 
into his guitar case and insisted on putting itin the ~ 
shot All readers are invited to send іп pictures of | 
themselves with Beany for possible inclusion іп : 
future letters pages: ام يدو‎ ену аы ите 
diate family are excluded. Address ай correspon- | 
dence to the “It's me with Beany” Editor, MAD | 
Magazine, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019. 


HANSON FANS WRITE — 


MAD Magazine, you suck big time, 
especially that horrid person who 
wrote that morbid “The Incredible 
Hanson Story, From Start to Finish.” 
(MAD #377) Hanson have worked for 
seven freakin’ years, and finally they 
got their dreams fulfilled to perform 
for their devoted fans. They're very 
talented musicians, but somehow you 
can't sce that. Hanson deserve thcir 
success and arc having their dreams 
come true, but you don't respect them, 
you made that mean story! You can't 
judge what their future will be like — 
but one thing I know, their future will 
not be like that! You probably think 
that's some funny joke, hut it's not, it 
hurt me real bad when I saw that. So I 
wrote to tell you to stop putting mean 
Hanson stories in your magazine! 
Think about the people who love 
Hanson (including mc), you'rc 
hurting our feclings. We love Hanson 
and if you knew how Hanson really 
were, you wouldn't have wrote that 
horrid story! 


Anonymous 
Tacoma, WA 


Dear too chicken to put your name on 
your own letter — Thanks for your 
letter. It made us feel very, very sad — 
for about an MMMBop! Then we got 
happy again — smugly content in the 
knowledge that we're right and you're 
wrong. Nanny nanny poo poo! —Ed. 


| CD-ROM ALERT! | 
| We hope you're sitting down for this! We | 
| are putting every issue of MAD on a set of | 
i searchable CD-ROMS! The set, called TOTALLY ! 
| МАО, also includes material from Super Specials | 
| and other fun garbage! Scheduled to arrive | 
! this Fall, if you would like electronic updates on | 
i the project, send your E-Mail address to: | 
| TotallyMADinfoGLearningco.com. (Do NOT send | 
| your address to MAD!) You сап stand up now! | 


POLITICAL ISSUES 


т d ИТ, 1 


EDITORIAL CARTOON REPRINTED WITHOUT 
PERMISSION FROM THE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS. 


HOW TO REACH US 


Please Address Correspondence To: MAD, Dept. 381, 
1700 Droadway, New York, New York 10019. MAD 
welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they 
are accompanied by а self-addressed, stamped 
envelope! MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 


least 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е C. Publications, Inc. 


suhted to have fina) иса 
x ot Pf МАП, m ne that n 
pack اس % ہن‎ а magazi 
2 
Selig меб me for years 
pest wishes, 
— 


“ҮНЕ MAD 20" 


Thank you very much for “А Newspaper 
Ad We'd Like to See" in "The MAD 20" 
(#377). Аз religious pcoplc who arc 
working to combat intolerance of sexual 
and religious minorities, we greatly 
appreciated the care and thought that 
obviously went into the production of that 
one page. Actions like yours ultimately 
make all the differencc. Again, thank you. 


Barbara and Christopher Purdom 
Interfaith Working Group Coordinators 
Philadelphia, PA 


Babs and Chris — Thank you for your 
letter! Our prayers have been answered. 
We had no idea what the hell point the 
writer was trying to make on that page. 
The confusion was like a thick fog that 
permeated the MAD offices. We pray you 
will write again soon! —Ed. 


لا د می шш шше‏ 


n ч s 
ATTENTION SUBSCRIBERS! 
For all subscription-related matters (including change of 
address) in the U.S. and Canada, please call 4 
MAD MAG or write P.O. BOX 59345, Boulder, CO 80399. 
9345! Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or E-mail our 
New York office — we're too dumb to help you there! 


HOLY MOSES! 0 — 


CHARLTON ! IgeTON 


paiters: 
то rhe Edit 11у made ат 


, TIME IS RUNNING OUT TO 
APPLY FOR THIS SUMMER'S 


TWO COLLEGE INTERNSHIP SLOTS! 
FOR INFORMATION, VISIT OUR 
WEB. SITE WWW.MADMAG.COM 


I gu wu Se | 


ШАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


FAX MADAT 
^ (212) 506-4848! 


A MORON MAIL SPECIAL 


I recently purchased an issue of your 
magazine (#377) for my daughtcr's llth 
birthday. She is a huge Hanson fan and 
was very offended by your so-called spoof 
of the band ("The Incredible Hanson Story, 
From Start to Finish") as was I. I found it 
disgusting, vulgar and insulting, not only 
to the band but also to their fans. With so 
many tecns into drugs, gangs, 
violence and sex, these three brothers are 
traveling around the world entertaining 
millions of fans doing something they 
love to do. They are very talentcd and have 
worked very hard to make ۵ name for 
themselves іп a very competitive business 
and I feel they should be congratulated, 
not ridiculed, 

In two years, they have been to more 
countries, met more people, and learned 
more about the different cultures of the 
„world than most people, myself included, 
could ever dream of. Even if they don’t 
hecome superstars or their careers should 
end tomorrow, they сап look back and 
take pride in what they have accomplished 
at such a young age, and be assured that 
their fans will continue to enjoy their 
music for years to come. 

If this is the depths you have to sink to 
sell your magazines, I have hought my 
first, and I guarantee, my last MAD, 


Shcila MacDonald 

New Brunswick, Canada 

Old MacDonald — Thank you for your 
letter, which we happily reprinted in its 
entirety. It is rare that we receive such an 
articulate and complimentary missive. Any 
time an article is called “disgusting, vulgar 
and insulting” we know we've earned our 
pay. Thanks for writing! —Ed. 


GEL, STAR CROFT LOVERS DEPT. 


There’s a nightmare world of unreality, where virtual humans fight to over- 
come a programmed hell. It’s called “playing video games”! (The stuff that 
happens as part of the games isn’t any prettier.) This is your brain... this is 
your brain on PlayStation... any questions? You're probably saying, “Ho ho! 
This spiral into abject insanity could never happen to me!” Before you scoff, 
gameboy, you'd better look at this clinical case study, taken directly from... 


December 
6, ۹ 
Te 2 1 | 
des uo 5 the BIG DAY 
Mes up with the The day the tn, р, 
Tomb Rail real Cartridges fon d). сї : My : 
» 944 wi E Just the ek, am a to open ones е 
л: о 
hê delvery а 7 S е Store tol jug about: t 
Sele, | checked 49. But to be About St PO! a) де 
21 Meslay, Wednes И on Monci WAS reporting - 
Friday, then "ed e Thur. ay, and ay they ие E 
2 аид how that ди "S yesterday, | аи! 5 e of Maine. Wha 
| Why things he М SCAYS in busnes وروت‎ l 
6 Wis customene ۳٢٨٥6 арам 


2% emen n 
hand. Трае, okay, though L Shoot ماد‎ 
۱ with 


aster, Bod 
can ды Yom and аныз Жа سا‎ улы, eve, 6 Мер 


PARE! تس‎ ays Сга P а "ты 
۶ ну namb hayy 7I ME the спай, D НЫ КЕМ ПАДУ, 
on the Hing Ж Jame sel J герар 3 Sike | 4 1 
لص‎ seif WM 
liwê. j fs 
) 


CIB % | 


% 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. Рон asa 


5 


| told him off, though. | just looked him Square 
in the and said, "Oh yeah? IF ask me, 
YOU'RE as useless as one of the Swvas just 
past the Ganesha Keys door, after Lara's 
take» awa scimitar and placed it into 
one of the empty hands of the statue on the 
ledge.” Ha НА) Man, the dopey look that came 
across Wis Face when | said that wac prieelecc 
Who's the big loser NOW? 


February 1, 179% 


Now that | Ve been avoiding my RL grifriend 
Caroline And have no job to дә to, I've Аталы 
been able to devote wore time to Tomb Raider 7. 
It's been wonderful! 

l'm glad For the Kil Totals between rounds. 
They give a person abort Four seconds to think 
ака reflect on the larger lessons of Tomb Raider. 
| think people will look back and see Lara Croft 
as THE 10th-cemtury philosopher. As she goes 
From country to country и the game, she's really 
saying that people of all cultures, be they 
ladan, Native American, European, Antarctica, 
whatever, are all the same. The same hopes, the 
same dreams. And if | didn't have to blow them 
all away with direct head shots, | think we 
could all have been Friends. 


ARTIST: SCOTT BRICHER 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


: 
24% 


+ 
January lé, 145% ^ 
Bad news. The doctor Says two- ۸ ` 
thirds oF my muscles have atrophied 4 
by 40% и the past twee weeks. |m Supposed to مه‎ 
ой an exercise and vitamin diet. Luckily, | convinced 
the docta te gue me a heme М. That way, | саи 
hook myself up to a Feeding tube while | play. 


Тамагу 22, IIK 

Well, | was Finally healthy enough to go back to 
School today. Caroline came looking For me. As soon 
as | saw her, | knew that the magic between us 
was Jone. How could | stay attracted to 4 blah 
tenth grader, compared to a thrilling adventurer- 
anthropologist like my Lara? Careline کا‎ So bland by 
comparison, So drab. | bet she wouldn't even know 


what to do with a grenade launcher. 


January 24, ۷۲۶ SSS 


| got Ared From wy job at the supermarket. 
That idiot boss was Screaming at we, just 
because | blocked three aisles by stacking 1 
boxes + barrels before the store opened. It was 


Supposed to be my tribute te the terrain іи Mudubu 


Gorge, but that Fool didn't want te hear it and 


ЖА, АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


^ 


March $, 1444 

What а dede lve been. | was so Focused on 
getting to the ene of the game | ignored the 
journey 165617. Fortunately, | ve spent a lot of tme 
staring and staring at the screens и between 
and the truth has МЕ me Ше а ten of dragon 
amulets, Tomb Raider 3 is secretly Filled with 
secret signals, sent directiy trom Lara te we. 

HE makes we laugh at all the other players out 
there who are too dense to notice our hidden 
correspondence. It used to drive me стату with 
Jealousy Chat thousands and thousands oF other 
guys were fiddling with her buttons, 53 
Lara....de things. But now that I've spotted 
Lara's persona) love messages, gm 
it's obvious that it's only 
me that she cares Sor. 

ГІ never reveal her secrete 
to these perverts. But | 
can tell you, Diary. 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


night cec 
prit? pit 


The video place has a strategy quide to Tomb 
Raider 9. جا‎ contains every hidden ammo location, 
ТЕЗ level walkthrough, every single cheat cede. 
| get sweaty just looking at the cover. But how 
саи | justiy taking the easy way out, when e: 
Lara puts her life on the le without complaint? 

My conscience is Strong. I'll never look, 


27, 1999 
. | won't lock. 


| won t 


| 
| 1 didn t look today. Мо, ио, Mo, Mo, Mo. 
| 


March را‎ 1444 

| hate мусе 

Lara knows what I ve done, | think. She seems 
Se distant, So unresponsive. | don't know... it's مد‎ 
weird. It's almost as if there's a glass barrier 
between us. 


| March 2, 1444 

| Well, once | got the codes, | Zaured | might as е 
well zip all the way through fo the last screen of 

|| the game. At long last, My Hame zan عو‎ alongside 


all the greatest warriors of history. And | bet none 
| of them ever had to Жая а gant snow spider. 
C= а. و سے سح‎ meee -——— 9 


للیاب ]امام 


March “л, 14444 

Um writing Том the video store. Now that | 
know Lara ic sending me love. messages, | м ۱۵۵۳۸ 
positive that Tomb Raider 4 will list a time and 
meeting place. | just hope t's not near the 
Equator, because | get heat rash pretty easily. 

The owner was Sereaming at me to get out, 
because Tomb Raider 4 won't even be on sale until 
200. Like 1 don't knew that. Doesn't he compre- 
hênd that 72001” and “H20” share TWO of the 


same digits? Ths is destiny. | can wart. 
اسڼه‎ 1999 = = [53 


Uv writing this from the Sega~Kettering 
Videogame Rehab patent ward. Three burly men 
came into the video Store and tock me away. 
They ve been admmsterng electric shocks every 
time | try fe pick up а bonus or jump orto a, ledge. 
After a few weeks oF treatment, | Ve last all 
mterest in Томь Raider 4 or any other videogame. 
| get te وہ‎ home tomorrow, but NO MORE joysticks! 
The doctors have Shown me that beard games like 
Clue and Parcheesi can be just as exerting, And 


More НДО. The Fre pits? You put Fre out with 
water. Area ۳۱7 Well, that one's и a (30-degree 
it came to we...Puerto Rico is practically eur Fist 
state! Aud what is Puerto Rico surrounded with? 
Badly shaken, | even went back to Tomb Raiders 
| and ы réaleed that the Fret qawê includ- 
ed Venice — and the second one had the 40 
Fathews level. | Sobbed when | understood For how 
long Lara Croft has been trying to contact we. 
But as | suffered, | cou each individual 
Stone и all the walls, Jleor€ and corridors of the 
game. Eleven hours later, | was happy when it 
added up te 2,041,484. As in " 3- هې‎ 
444..%одди © date! On, this is so much bigger هه‎ | e less obsessed with them. 


than me and Lara. | guess some things were - | Feel So much healthier now. It's great to be 
meant to be discovered on Fate's селеге. ہے‎ totally cured. Besides..Professor Рим is really cute! 


| Suppose it First became clear when | realized 

that the enemies Lara runs over with her Show- 

mobile don t count as official “кіс” и the 

end-of-level stats. "Why? Why?" | kept asking 

myself. Then | looked eyes that Jinally saw, 

The SNOW. And what is snow? Nothing Frozen 

water. Next, there's all the underwater Swimming. 

desert, which was а toughie. | had to think Then 

That's night, Н20. Water, water everywhere! 
ھی‎ 
هي‎ 
ھپے‎ 


1 


1 کا 


: Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


«X2 НООР SCHEMES DEPT. 


During those hard months when 
х the basketball owners locked out 
+ the players, millions of sports fans 
Ж “Һай the same, simple question: 
1 “Oh, was there supposed to ре bas- 
кеа?" Whoooops! Unlike when 
` baseball actually made their actual 
“ fans actually angry, pro basketball 
found out they have only one fan: 
a Mr. Brian Wecht of Burns Harbor, 
- Indiana. And he had some seal- 
۰۱٦۲9 work to do on the-back of 
ыз house anyway. Nope, if 
| these pituitary cases and their 


: Shaq will be hand-delivering refunds to all billionaire bosses want to put 
614 people who paid to see Steel and Кагаат. і fannies back in the $400 
Е seats, theyre going to have 
То make some concilia- 
~ tory gestures! Heres... 


The players' private cell phone numbers will 
be printed in the programs, so fans can call 
them up on the bench and harass them. 


< On off days, NBA superstars 
Michael Jordan will make a surprise appear- will hang out in supermarkets, 
ance at a Nike sweatshop, and present one of to help regular people get 
the two thousand 10-year-old seamstresses items off the top shelves. 
with their very own autographed poster. 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. ARTAK ыы ы 


Шіп Back the 
м 


of their 


Dennis Rodman will visit our nations nursery schools 
and let the kids doodle tattoos on the rest of him. 


Ten fans will be chosen at random 
to play the first half of thc 
May 16th Wizards-Cavaliers game 
because hell, who cares? 


T 
в) 
АД 7 


Everybody 0 gets a complimentary 20- 
minute highlight videotape: “All the 
Best of The Magic Hour Complete." 


At every game, a special 500-seat rooting section 
will be set aside for the players’ illegitimate children. 


Eee АЯ ЖАТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


GE UM, I HATE 

LIVE MY LIFE- то BRING THIS UP, 

LONG DREAM, „ BUT WHAT ABOUT 
SCHOOL? 


YOU REALIZE 
WE ONLY HAVE | LOOK AT THAT! 
THREE BUCK’ 
LEFT? 


SUPPOSED TO 
DO? - NEVER 
MINDI HAVE 

FUN! a 


۷ 
А CHANCE TO LIVE MY 


LIFELONG DREAM -- 
шы ۸ PANTIES AT 


WELL, 
WE'RE FINALLY 


HERE! амо IM |. 


ABSOLUTELY? IT 
SAYS “MERELY VISIT ONE 
OF OUR GRAVEL VISTA LIVING 
TIMESHARE CONDOMINIUMS AND 


LET'SH 
SHEE, I —A/Ct- 
HAVE 20... UM, 
HIT МЕ, А/С 


7 QUIT YER 
ELLV-ACHING/ 


Will that world-famous 
Strip ever be the same 
after our hero hits the 
land of high rollers 
and low culture? 


SCHOOL? VEGAS 
[S 2000167 You CANT ; 
SPLIT EIGHTS ІҢ BLACK- I DON'T 
JACK WITHOUT MATH, CAN | THINK І TELL 
YOUP YOU CAN'T MAKE YOUR vou; ا‎ ита 
WAY AROUND A CASINO 4 
WITHOUT GEOGRAPHY, 
CAN 7۶ 


NONSENSE! 
WE'RE HERE FOR 


THIS 
PLACE IS A 
DUMP! Let's 
JUST GO TO 


“АМО ICE 16 AT 
THE END OF THE HALL. 
ENJOY YOUR FREE STAY, 
COMPLIMENTS OF GRAVEL 
VISTA! IF YOU NEED 
ANYTHING ELSE, MY 
NAME 15 TAD. 


AN ASHTRAY 

FROM THE FIRST 

CHANCE CASINO. 
SHEESH. 


HERE YOU ` 
ь GO, 
N V 
| Xwe¬ uS 


Ra [ ij | Ù | М 
, Y JÈ : سم‎ | 
PIP AS In 
ہے می‎ RAS / ff M o 
Se айы 


WHEN I WAS A 
YOUNG GIRL, I WENT 
TO NEW YORK TO BE A 
y^ тете ҮҮНЕКЕ 


HIS FRIEND LEFTY, 
ме WHO -- 


ARE VOU ALMOST! I 
eevee STILL HAVEN'T TRIED 


THE PUDDING STATION 
AND T DEFINITELY WANT 
TO HIT THE SCHNITZEL 
STAND AGAIN! 


I'M GOING WHERE? ВУ 
TO, UM, TAKE | THE ROULETTE 
А WAL 


к. А 


FORGET ІТ! 
CAN //7; І САМЕ HERE ТО SEE 
62902 ot БЕУ 
7 үү 
LET'S JUST GO UNTIL I ОО! 


WE САМ DO THIS THE 
YOU KNOW, DO 1 LOOK ү 
ТМ NOT REALLY V LIKE AN /DIOT? EASY WAY, OR THE HARD 


WAY, BUT THE TOUR l6 NOT 

UP FOR A TOUR. n 

HOW ABOUT JUST | YOU ТНМК МЕ SINE OPTIONAL! GOT ITP 
үне VE ТЕ А AND TICKETS FOR EU ITN ; 
М ПСКЕТӘ? دے‎ NOTHING? I 
со ДЕЕ Е 


ЖІТХІКІКХІКІЛІЛ1! 


12 ЄЛ 95 


ЖА ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. | 


OTHING 
TO WORRY ABOUT. 
WE'RE JUST DOWN A 
LITTLE BIT! 


39۷7 YOU COTTA 
UM, THERE'S Н, FOLKS, T'M اوي‎ 
| WAYNE NEWTON. JW! ТМ WHAT YOU CALL TAKE А TOUR OF GRAVEL 


ДЕ МЕРЕК Ed TOW سے‎ | М JONES TICKETS ^, VEGAS BEFORE YOU GET 


READY TO EXPERIENCE ANY TICKETS. 


GRAVEL LIVIN'? 


WHO'D MISS 
BESIDES, ONCE YOU ANYWAY? WE GOT FOUR HOURS 
Vê Arr geen "| SHUT UP AND LET INTO THE DESERT DEFORE WE НТ 
, қз / e | 
МАУ NEVER LEAVE! PN ш endi ٣ 5 THE SCENERY! 


GARDENS 
سه‎ 


TO BE CONTINUED... . 


ТАТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


453 wHO GIVES А FLYING FACT DEPT. 


Great, so after a couple of years of watching VH1 we 
now know every odd fact and juicy bit of gossip 
related to every music video known to man. Now il's 
time to move on 10 the stuff we really want to know 
odd facts and juicy bits of gossip about. We want... 


LR. Z ger ДЕ 

The least-common question asked by А 
the actor during the shooting of this 

video was, "What's my motivation?" 


wa со 
slep actress because 

ept with Ron Jeremy, she has 
with Traci Lord 4 who slept 


Jack 
wasin Lem 
JFK with Kevin Bacon ^ 


Official рой | 
rarely calls шы ер 


а woman f searchi 
or z ın SR ABONE A 
running a red light Р + Жу Угу ټک نه نک‎ ы 5 
. r) H > 2 1%. i NI 2 ٢ف‎ “Г 
=p EE CO ОВЕ 
ESR қ 


+ 0 
ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc 


every 10,000 
mothers feels 
compelled to 
"approve" of 
her future 
son-in-law іп 
this manner, 


Cavewomen 
didn't really 
wear lipstick 
and mascara. 


ARTIST: HERMANN MEJIA 


WRITER: ANDREW J. SCHWARTZBERG 


Boy Scouts will 
note that this 
man's wrists 
are tied with 
slip knots, but 
his ankles are 
tied with 
Square knots, 


FREE 


1 because по one 
“| truly enlightened 
ug] would pay for it 


THE NEW AGE NEWSPAPER 


mind e body «spirit + crystals e chanting • psychic gobbledegook «snake oil | 


وات 
j;‏ 


PRENATAL DENTISTRY \ 
It's Never Tao Early to ٧ 
` Provide Holistic Oral 2) 
Hygiene for Your Fetus! — ? 
ga EMSS 5. “ее 


~a] 5 


277. 


"How To Make. & 
Better Use Of % 
Your Time | 
While Meditating 


Y 


Balancing Your ` ` 
Checkbook | 
With Mind Waves 


Putting Your Colon 
on the Internet. رب‎ ent | 
١ Hn Bas pot من‎ 
Its Easy! | | » s. SON 
: : gu ARTIST: JAMES WARHO ЖАП Copyright © 2006 b 


T : 1 : E E ٣ 
у Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


‘The 
Inflatable Guru 


М of sturdy 
polyvinyl chlo- 
ride, The Inflatable 
Guru can resemble 

an emaciated fasting 
holy man or repul 
sively obese Buddha, 
depending upon level 
of inflation. You 
decide! Optional voice 
chip features lecture 
on the evils of materi- 
alism. You'll be the 
envy of all your New 
Age friends! 


inally, you can fight tooth decay and gum disease the same way 
Gandhi fought the oppressors of his people — with passive resis- 
tance! Wake up every morning to the refreshing taste 
of onion chutney or vindaloo curry. 


Gandhi Toothpaste 


Recommended by four out 
of five Mahatmas _ 

for their 22 
followers 
who have 


teeth! 


Mr. Tofu Head 


nother imaginative alternative toy from the makers of 
Tickle Me Enya. lt's a fun way to tcach your children the 
importance of a bland soy-based diet. Mr. Tofu Head сап be 


uscd to makc faccs that arc 
firm or soft, depending 
upon the type of tofu used. 
And best of all, unlike 
potatoes, after it's Қ 
played with, 6 
tofu can be eaten 
with no notice- 
able loss of 
taste! 


The Sprout Hat 
N for the first time, nurritious salad 


ingredients are as close as the top of your 
head! The revolutionary Sprout Har is easy to 


use — just dunk your head in a bucket of 
water every hour! 
Available in base- 
ball cap/alfalfa, 
fedora/mung 
bean and fez/ 
chickpea. From 
Ше makers of the 
revolutionary 
Mushroom Sock. 


chiropractors will also be on hand. 


i The С cg Wasted Afternoon Institute 


and Well-Being, 2 PM. "e 
he Marionette Firewalking 
Experience 

By far the safest method yet devised for partic 
ipating in this dramatic and revolutionary 


Through Renowned Psychic Channeler 


Ask him questions about your carcer, relation- 
ships, past and future lives, Please note: Due 
to rhe unique nature of this session, no ques- 
tions about the Civil War will Бе permitted. 
The Shirley Maclaine School, 8 PM. 


Editors Note: Due to an unfortunate accident, 
Dr. Duncan Bison's / Can Walk Through Walls 


been canceled. 


3926 € 926^ 923692 


i self-transformation process. Bring your own 
i puppets or rent them here, Workshop also 

i open to people who just want to watch play- 
: things burn. The Completely Wasted Evening 
i Institute for Health and Well-Being, 7 PM. 


i April 30: Talk with Abraham Lincoln 
: Robert Shrub. 


+ Demonstration scheduled for April 19 has 


RAD MEG © 2006 a E. C Publications, Inc. 


April 16: Weight Loss Through Amputation  : 


Clinic with Dr. Grady Pounder. The Closed 
Mind Center, 7 PM. 


КАЛ УННЫН سب‎ 


April 20: Swami Davanugundalabushfuntulo- Н 
kunumalsoban 

One day workshop in which the correct pro 
nunciation of the Swami's name will Бе 
taught. Om. The Swami Davanugundalabushf- 
untulokunumaloban Ashram, 6:30 PM. 


mnm 


April 22: The Awakening Power of 
Alarm Clocks 


Dr. Edith Diltz continually lulls you into 
peaceful slumber and then rudely wakes you 


up with intensely annoying sounds. Three 


April 29: Infant Massage 


vered by certified therapists, all of whom are $ 
i under ten months ola: Several prea adolcscent 2 


CK 25. 


? Enhance your waking state through sudden, 


* loud ringing noises. In this exciting workshop, 


і hours that will change your life. 
: The Completely Wasted Morning Institute for ° 
H Health und Well-Being, 8:30 AM. 


i Relieve stress, anxiety, tension and pain with 
i bodywork and deep tissue massage adminis- 


IDE * 996 * درو‎ 


April 4: Astral Projection Workshop 
Harnessing your soul's energy to leave your 
body and run small errands while you're 
busy. 12 Aura Blvd., 6 PM. 


April B: The Alternative Peeling Center 
Open House. Now more than ever, i 
enlightened people arc paying attention to 
the way their food is peeled. If you believe 
this, come watch us grate some carrots for 
a couple of hours. $15. The Broken Glass 
Building, 7:30 PM. 


April 11: The Integral Yogi Institute. 
Free baseball meditation caps to those 16 


and . Yankee Stadium Clubhouse, 7 PM. i 


April 12: An evening of Holistic Rash 3 
Identification wid: Di. Andrew Spiel, author : 
of Spontaneous Itching. Refreshments. 
Pre-registration required. The New York 
Center for Medical Quackery, 1 PM. 


April 14; Rennetless Cheese Whittling і 
Frec Demonstration. We сап turn a pound 
af cheddar into ап ashtray in less than ап 
hour. The Alternative Peeling Center at the i 
» Broken Glass Building, 6 РМ. 


By His Holiness 


Standing on a chair or small stool, clasp hands behind 
back and extend neck and face upwards. Flare nostrils 
widely and catch nose on fishhook attached to line 
hung from ceiling. (Note: 200 Ib. test minimum is 
suggested.) Gently step off chalr or stool and dangle 
helplessly in mid-air, clearing your mind of all thoughts 
except being rescued. Relax. 


Yo dl is а complete science of life which originated in India 
thousands of years ago when they had nothing else to do. Its physical 
and spiritual benefits may be enjoyed by anyone who can afford 
«айу sessions with a private instructor ш $85 per hour. At first 
glance, Yoga may seem to be little more than a series of strange 
physical postures that eat up so much of your time you don't have 
the energy ta da real exercise. Rut saan, anyone wha continues with 
regular practice attains a new awareness, an awareness that Yoga 

IS little more than a series of strange physical postures that leave 
little time for real exercise. With that, comes true serenity. 


Practice the following three basic postures everyday and 


you will quickly discover for yourself how much your Swami Doublechin Moy 
neighbors will mock you 1f you don't close your drapes, 


Advanced Barber Pole Twist 
With Full Tongue Extension 


Wearing striped red and white clothing, stand with 
your spine erect. Without moving yaur legs, twist 
your upper body to the right. Keep twisting to the 
right untll you've turned your torso completely 
around six times. Open mouth and elongate tongue 


in a frantic effort to breathe. Relax. 


The Peaceful Moron 


Stand with your feet wide apart, exhaling as you begin bending forward. 
Curl your head between your knees. Continue bending forward and pushing 
the head upward until It fully disappears from view. Breathe deeply. Relax. 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 19 


NEW AGE CLASSIFIEDS 


CLEANSE YOUR COLON 
WITH NUCLEAR POWER 
With the Department of Energy's now 
intestinal bulking agent, it's possible! Safe 
and effective. Delivered in lead box. 
Write: ShorehamHealth Products, 
PO Box 64, High Falls, NY 12440. 


NUT BUTTER MASSAGE 
Now available in peanut, almond 
or walnut, chunky or smooth. 
Our step-by-step videotape shows you how. 
Send $29.95 to Sticky Fingers, 
P.O. BOX 27, Skippy, NJ 07540. 


OBSCENE BREAD 
Over 50 recipes for organic loaf 
shapes guaranteed to offend and/or 
titillate your dinner quests. 
Must be 18 to order. Send $12 to 
The Neurotic Baker, 

240 West 42 Street, NY, NY 10000 


ORGANIC PLASTIC FRUIT 
All natural, unsprayed, manufactured 
without herbicides and pesticides. 
Send $25 per 6 
Styrofoam Farms, Hoffman, VT 91818. 


VERY PEACEFUL MAN 
Will calm you down in your own 
home, Odorless. Call Joshua 
(609) 171-8888. 


DISTRIBUTORS WANTED! 
Unique opportunity. Gain financial 
independence selling Bill's Holistic 

Knee Cream, not tested on animals, 

Boost your income! 

Box 27, Boulder, CO 80302 


UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY! 
Boost your income! Gain financial 
independence selling Fred's Alternative 
Ankle Gel, certified dolphin safe. 
Distributors wanted! 

Box 281, Scottsdale, AZ 82982 


BOOST YOUR INCOME! 
Distributors Wanted. 
Gain financial independence selling 
Tony's Organic Elbow Oil, 
manufactured cruelty-free. 
Unique opportunity! 

Box 2121, Mt. Shasta, CA, 90027 


VIBRATIONAL MEDICINE 
The ancient art of tuning your body 
to its correct conductive frequency 

brings amazing health benefits. 

Noted Conductive Frequency Healer, 

Avatar Shakti Blickstein, checks your 

pulse while you're leaning against 
а Maytag washer on the spin cycle. 
Introductory session, $600. 
1-800-121-2973 


THE PISTACHIO ENEMA 
can change your life! 151-8581 


ADVERTISEMENTS 


ORGANIC Finally, theres an alternative to tra- her trained staff yank your hair out 


ditional barbers and beauty parlors, by the fistful as relaxing new age 


HAIR both of which damage your hair and music plays in the background. Our 
STYLING scalp by shampooing, cutting and non-judgmental salon is mirror-free, 
07 shaping. At Starr Leery’s Organic | so our patrons never fall into self- 
Organic Hair Salon Hair Salon we dont use ozone- destructive and energy draining 
89 Flaking Way damaging electric clippers or metal behaviors such as criticizing ош 
Skullagony, NY 71651 7 : 265%” 2 7 2 

scissors which upset your body's work and leaving without paying. 
delicate magnetic fields. Starr and Appoinuments not necessary. 
e Ralphing is a series of 39 syndi- sarily, and threaten to send 
Ralphing cated half hours that helps you your loved ones "to the moon." 
escape the stress and trauma of Many of our clienrs now live in 
your life by learning all there is to Brooklyn and drive buses. Several 
know about Ralph Kramden and аге friends of sewer workers. 
Ralphers International! | then to imitate his lifestyle totally.  Ralphing is a safe and effective 
MEM Our certified Ralphers will teach | way of unlocking your full human 
you how ro quickly gain 100 porenrial by making your life 
pounds or more, shour unneces- more miserable than іг is. 


Past-Life You have lived before. It is your Through regressive trance hypno- 
BIRIHRIGHT to know all of sis, I will help you dredge up 


5 
Depressions the emotional hang-ups, prob- your worst experiences of the 


| lems, illnesses and dysfuncrional past 2,000 years so thar you may 
Prep v ein relationships that made you suffer more fully in the here and 
212-173-7000 unhappy in your previous lives. now. Call for an appointment. 
The Microbiotic Center offers good for you. In our beginners 
you the opportunity to expand cooking class you'll prepare 
THE your understanding of Micro- dishes you wont be able to spot 
biorics, rhe ancient method of without a magnifying glass. 
MICROBIOTIC achicving optimum spiritual and Occasionally, wc arc visited by 
CENTER physical well-being by eating the father of Microbiorics, 
"uem extraordinarily small portions of Minuscule Kushi, although he 
* Tao ли Genter food. Our belief is that if you can frequently slips in and out 
Smallville, Ғі 82727 see 80% of your meal, it’s no without anyone noticing. 


The We, the staff at The Hypocrisy rump roast. Spend an entire week 
W ۳۴ oC UA Institute, arc dedicated to teaching chanting and doing strenuous yoga 
» you one thing while were doin exercises while we're sipping piña 
wu &titute another, اس‎ the benefits 8*8 coladas in our heated سو سن‎ pool. 
The Hypocrisy Institute ing and a raw vegetarian diet while Every Saturday at 4 PM we host a free 
25 Pretense Lane were іп the back room feasting on open house. Admission is $15. 
Insincerity, MA 02116 


LeastBest Books 


YOUR SOURCE FOR NEW AGE READING 


New Books Now in Stock! 


LeastBest Books 
5172 Queens BI 


: 
The Amazing { 
Gackwaster Chair 


Traditional furniture makers have long believed a chair 
should be soft and comfortable, the kind of thing 

you could lean back in and relax. THIS IS WRONG! E 
Modern New Аде research has proven that to | 
maintain optimum spine health, your back 

must be contorted into a figure 8, as nalure 

intended. Our Backwaster line of chairs 

апа car seats forcibly twist the body into 

this highly beneficial position. 

You'll notice the change in your 

posture within 10 days ог your 

money back! 


by Mark Medawful Flipsticky, Vermont 
$ à A Check our online catalog at 

len innovative restaurateur Sandy www.scoliosis.com 
Miso closed his legendary Organic 
Yeast Kitchen last year, it left a void 
in the New Age restaurant scene. The good 
news is Sandy is back with The Healthy 
Smiling Pira, and he's more committed than ADVERTISEMENT 
ever to providing a holistic and cco-fricndly 
dining experience. As soon as we entered the 


cozy bistro, large horseflies descended upon us, emphasizing The environmentally sound restaurant does not use 
the cruelty-free policy of the owner. The swarm was so great harmful chemical detergents to wash dishes, as the dried, 
that we almost didn’t notice the mice and large rats playfully crusted leftover food on our plates attested to, Our wait- 
scurrying by our feet. Sandy, a passionate supporter of animal er told us that all dinnerware is used by four or five cus 
rights, happily does not believe in exterminators. tomers before they're rinsed off, to conserve water and 
i سب‎ : foster a sense of community. How refreshing! 

FREE E We began our meal with a raw salad in which‏ : اا څپ 

ЛІ ОЕ SIR IN 2 A „Э we spotted unhatched maggot larvae, living 

A ۳ — «9 Aa 0 | j proof that the leafy greens were not treated with 

mo уте یش شم سی‎ =| toxic pesticides. For our main course, we tried 

e Үлем ; EP Wo. s AR the free-range baked chicken. Sandy thought- 


fully insures the freshness of the chickens by 
raising them right there in the restaurant — we 
could tell, by the persistent smell of dung and 
the frenzied squawks of the birds being slaugh- 
tered somewhere near the coat check area. Most 
restaurants, New Age or otherwise, do not go 
this extra mile for their customers. 


The Healthy Smiling Pita receives our high- 
cst rating — it is a dining experience іп an 
environment uncompromisingly faithful to 


New Age principles! 
| Тһе 

A Heq Bi 
Pes Smiling Pita 


lu 35 لا گا‎ M šã 3.2 3:202-587 


; سم‎ Editor note: Since this review was written, 
j | / the Healthy Smiling Pita has been condemned 


by the Board of Health and is now closed. 
ШАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 ‘by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


21 


SABRiNA, THE TEENAGE wif CH 


ARTIST: GREY BLACKWEL 


а DAI 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


THE PLANE TRUTH DEPT. 


Welcome aboard Turbulent Air Flight #4522, 
non-stop service from Newark to Seattle via Houston, 
Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Raleigh-Durham, 
Peewaukee, Atlanta again and Denver. I'm your flight 
attendant, Angelique. Before we take off, please direct your 
attention to the front of the cabin as we present these. 


1-1 


Flight Attendant ‘ 


ж ға Ly Lap. е 0 ҚУ e a at Б), 7 


We encourage all passengers to FS 
review the important Passenger d 
Safcty Information Cards in thc 
seat pocket іп front of you. Each 
card is laminated and completely 
waterproof which will allow you 
to review it easily, even as you 
float on your seat cushion in the 
middle of the Atlantic Ocean. 


SNS 


j Please refrain from using electronic 
/ devices such as cellular phones, as 
| * they may interfere with our navigation 
equipment. You may, however, use our 
in-seat Airfones at any time. They may 
also interfere with our navigation 

equipment, but since we're charging 
you $87 for the first 30 seconds and 
$21 for each additional fraction of a 
second, we're willing to risk it. 


If you are sitting in an emergency 
exit row, FAA regulations require that you 
know how to read and speak English. Ihey 
also require that you must not be easily intim- 
idated by the hostile stares of other passen- 
gers who hate you because you have three 
more feet of leg room than they do. In the 
unlikely event of an emergency, simply lift the 
springboard woodge off the posterior clatch, 
while simultaneously hooking the platinum 
hedgebolt to the front spinlock before a 
hundred screaming passengers rush and 
trample you in a chaotic stampede. 
سے‎ 


— يه سي‎ 
All carry-on baggage must be stored in 
^A the overhead bins. For your comfort and safety, 
most bins are already filled with blankets, pillows, 
-.) fire extinguishers, first aid kits and crew luggage. 
Be sure to secure the bins carefully, although even 
properly secured bins may open suddenly in 
mid-flight and drop their 500 Ibs. of 
و‎ contents on your head. 


“TUE? 1 
سي ساس‎ NE ہے‎ 22; 
C RASH. eo counts | % ا‎ 15- As soon as we аге airborne we 


Маркет ІН! e ہہ‎ will begin our beverage service. You'll receive 
Lodo». E چغ‎ 3^ yaur choice of soft drinks in a flimsy, wide-mouth plas- 
tic cup that will crack and spill its contents in your lap 
the moment you pick it up. Should you wish a refill, 
please signal for a flight attendant and wait patiently 
in your seat until you forget you're thirsty. 


ہل 


— 


ARTIST: ТОМ BUNK 


Today's meal selection 
Includes a choice of meatloaf 
or chicken craquettes. If you're a 
.| vegetarian, don't worry — neither 
of these selections contain any 
meat. If you ordered a special 
meal, please push your flight 
Y tendant call button so we may 
inform you that it wasn't put 
pum this flight. Please pay close 
attention as our steward now 
demonstrates how our complimen- 
tary in-flight magazine can quickly 
be turned into an air-sickness bag 
in six easy origami steps. 


Headphones may be rented for $e. Ã 
There are 14 channels of audio, two = 
у featuring music selections and 12 fea- у 
turing annoying static. You can also 
use the headphones to listen to our іп 
flight movie — a heavily-edited, 26- S$ 
minute version of My Giant. 


For your convenience, this plane is 
equipped with four rest rooms. Two 
У are out of order, one smells like that 
> fat guy in seat 13B and one is 
к reserved for First Class passengers 

wishing to join the Mile High Club. {= 
میک‎ co ae کا‎ „=. ӘР 


API TRASHNGTON POST J 
کی‎ STINKING MESS ` 


SN 


for today's flight. You can exchange these miles for 
free travel once you've accumulated 250,000. To 

) receive a free travel award you must make reserva- 
tions 14 months in advance and fly through our 

Bismarck, North Dakota hub no matter where your 

final destination may be. Other restrictions, too 

numerous to mention, also apply. 


SAFETY 
| INFORMATION 


When the captain has turned off the 
overhead seat belt light you may move 
your seat to a recline position. If you 
cannot figure out how to do this, just 
ask the person in front of you whose 
head will be resting on your lap 
once theyre in a reclining position. 


In a moment the captain will be 
turning off the cabin lights. Feel free to use 
your individual reading light above your seat. And 

don't worry about dozing off while you read — 


we'll be disturbing you every eight seconds Xu E ж” و‎ 5 f 
for the next five hours with more helpful ES P Ad 7 
information like this! - حم‎ X же ۱ 


WRITER: АМҮ GILLETT y EC. Publications, INC., - 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


ў 


ê 


نت 


۴ 


танин SO 
ا‎ n 
X 7 ХХ $^ 
ОУ TESCO 


KS S мл oed. 
* >; 9% 25% o 


ARTIST AND WRITE ШЖ ЖУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


: 1 МІ ҮТҮ D SPTE 
i / آ۳‎ 


28 


= 
m 

) 
or 
< | 


D 1 | [ ۳ 
7 uU : j ^ 4). 
ы а ia 


right © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


125. › APPRAISE THE THING DEPT. 


PBS has this 


program where antique 


mi 


appraisers travel the 
country, and people 
bring them their family 
heirlooms, things 
they ve dug out of 
the neighbor's trash, 
etc., to have them 
appraised. In case you 
haven't actually seen 


it, here are some... 


Mrs. Henderson, This is a Bible that's been in our Then when my cousin Now | Yes! If you look Inside 
you've got family for several generations. died she willed it to understand the front cover here, 
a rather It's been passed down from my her friend. Then her that this Bible it was signed by Jesus 
interesting great-grandmother to my grand- friend died and she has a rather Christ himself! | 
item here, mother ànd then my mother willed it to another interesting figured that with his 
why not tell and then my cousin because friend and that's inscription, signature, it might 
us about it? my mother hated me! who | stole it from. is that right? be worth something! 


Well. I'll be honest 


Yes! Because you see, if you look Another thing we notice when we flip 


with you, Mrs. here on what we call the “title back to the signature, we see that 
Henderson... page,” you can actually see a Christ's signature is written іп 
| find this very copyright date, which is almost English...and we're almost certain that 
troubling indeed! 2,000 years after Jesus died! Christ would have signed it in Hebrew, or 


perhaps in Latin, but never English! 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 29 


Perhaps the most damning testimony of all is So, | regret to Of course, that probably means 

inform you that nothing to you since you're clearly 

delusional! Um, any idea what 
this Bible might be worth? 


2 ж 


provided by the ink with which the signature was 
written! By examining it carefully under one of |------ what you've got 
these thingamajigs that jewelers use we see that | | here is nothing | <> پا‎ 1 
it was actually written with a ball-point pen! more than a 
And we know Jesus Lo be a fountain pen man! clever forgery! لے‎ 


۶ 42200 zem AN e V 


оё CHRIST, SCIEN TIS, 
© /9 46 


Sure, why not? If by Оһ wowî 
"а squillion” you mean Thank you! 
about a buck fifty, 
then you're right! 


You have very unique 
cornucopia of baubles here on 
the table, Randy! What can you 


Well, | thought maybe it might be 
worth about a zillion dollars! 
But since the signature was forged, 
maybe it's only worth a squillion? 


That's wonderful! 

These items 7 

to have outstand- 
ing provenance! 


| wuz gonna dump all this in the dump- 

ster out back, but some guard caught 

me so | told him | wuzzn't dumpin' il, 
raised! 


This is just 
a buncha crap 
І got outta 


"Provenance"! Oh! Well. Like this crumpled Well Haw! This is a good’n! Me ап” my 

That's a fancy- | wuz never beer N buddy Rick, we both got (Beep!) «faced, 
shmancy way of too good сап you tell an then Rick sez, “I bet if І crushed this 
saying "history"! at hizterry! me about it? on my head | wouldn't feel itl” An then I 


sez, "Well then why'nt yuh do it, yuh 
damn (Beep!) -hole!" 


N 


1 dunno? Say, did you 
see them losin’ lottery 
tickets? You think 
they're worth somethin’? 
1 got about 40 of ‘em! 


Randy, do 
you have any 
idea what 
these Items 
are worth? 


Well, Mary, that's an 
interesting story indeed, 
and not just because 
you've slandered your own ٢ 
grandmother and a beloved 
| President on national TV! 


The comb is black, which 

is quite normal for a comb, 

but it also has specks 
of dandruffl 


That's it for 
today! Join us 
next week as we 
bring you more 
losers and their 
| worthless junk! 


That's it!?! 
Forget it! | might 
| as well put it 

back in my under- 
wear drawer for 
another 40 years! 


(Beep!) It's been in 
my truck that 
long? Damn! | چا‎ 

guess it DID need % 

to be cleaned out! 


Mary. you have a tiny little 
something that you've brought! 


Yes, my grandmother knew quite 
a few famous men intimately, 
including President Dwight D. 
Eisenhower! He gave her this comb 
| and we've kept it in the family! 


Anyway. | was 
disinclined to believe 
your story until | took ٢۲ 
this thingamajig that Aœ 

jewelers use, and exam- 

ined this comb closely! 


tame 


Ha ha! Well, thc 
market for Presi- 
dential items is 
see, I'm 
quite | would fetch 
stupid! {ў 550,000-560,000! 


And you know there's 
a big market for these 
old styrofoam Big Mac ۳٢ 
containers! They've not 
been made since 1990! |7 


So he did! An’ let me tell 
you, it dented his head 
so's now if you tilt it back 


516.00?! 
Shoo-eee! 


Yes! Га venture 
that at auction 


all of these Let's 
"sw items together start 
would bring th 
close to $16.00! biddin! 


B MISC. TRUCK TRASH M 


516 


Apparently, your 
grandmother 
REALLY "liked 
Ike!" Ha һа! 


And Ike was almost bald, 50 
Ike dandruff is very rare! 
Couple this with your com- 
pletely implausible story, 

and | believe you have a || 
unique piece of Americana! 


Ae THE CLODS MUST BE CRAZY DEPT. 
<=? 


i tch a 
i i Is will stop at nothing to са 
.ح1‎ arazzi. These lowlife 6 
لے اروا‎ т in a compromising position. They are the lowest form of pond 
matter, without a shred of decency or regard for the privacy of others. 


о tunately fo most a 5 е 
ғ г paparazz 1 > 
۴ t f u th P %Ж on У bother the rich and famous 


“Why yes! In Ға 
€t there zzo 
tonal mani ike ou dS 
lacs like You, our core d 
rea ership 
+ 


we Present 


+. 


OUT OF \ MOVING! 
THE 


3 NN Ma ۷ NO 
mv | AUTOGRAPHS! 


Never, under any circumstance, 


let them get a photo of you naked. An intimidating entourage composed of 


multiple personalities can go a long way toward 
keeping pesky Minolta monkeys in their place. 


—— MÀ 


1 KNOW YOU'RE HIDING 
UNDER THOSE ROTTING 
CORN HUSKS AND 
WATERMELON RINDS, 
NOU SNEAKY BASTARD! 


NOT WHILE ۸ 
URINATINO, 


Wide-angle wackjobe ehould be warned up 
Always be aware that tabloid photo sharks front about what you consider off limits. 
will use unlikely hiding places in order to 


illati ivate life. Antier : 
32 snap titillating scenes of ЖАЙ Conant © 2006 by E.C. Publications" Inc. AND WRITER: JOHN CALDWELL 


^ ٧ 1 х p 
I'M WATCHING, "DOC / BACKOFE, BOTTOM FEEDER! 


1۴1 SEE ONE 

FLAGHBULE GO OFF JUST BECAUSE I'M STROLLING 
PLL STICK, THAT PAST THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT 
SO-CAWED "Scope" DOESN'T MAKE ۱۲ OPEN SEASON 
WHERE THE SUN ON DORIS PONDILLO ۶ 
DON'T SHINE ff! 


5 ШШ 
5799 ۰ 
5 - 


PNIS d ОМ ШУР. o жы; 76 Umm 
$i û 


0 ACTEUR ғ 
Don't be taken іп by elaborate schemes 
intended to dupe you into dropping your guard. 


Obsessed Nikon nitwits should be 
told when they've crossed the line. 


OKAY FUJI BREATH, 
LET'S NOT GO 
CLEAVAGE CUCKOO 
HERE!) 


Nothing makes a better shield to hide 
behind than a rambling manifesto. do your best to control the shot. 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


Now, Experience Big-City Living in the Middle of Nowhere!" 


hrough a recently-negotiated agreement with 

the Federal Government's Decommissioned Nuclear 

Testing Grounds Program, we've acquired a large, 
barren tract of North Dakota land, Ше exciting setting for ош 
huge, 75 story apartment complex. It's just like the ones you 
find in big ciries, only withour rhe museums, parks, shops and 
other cultural amenities chat make cities so crowded to live in! 
At Gravel Vista Gardens, you'll find floor after identical floor 
of two-bedroom, one-bedroom and no-bedroom apartments in 
the middle of nowhere, the way you've always dreamed of! 


At Gravel Vista Gardens, we provide Plus, we've added these exclusive Gravel Vista Gardens-only luxuries: 

everything you've come to expect from ۷ Cable Ready!* / Complimentary Floors and 

apartment living in big cities: ۷ Walk-in Bedrooms! Walls (Ceilings Extra)! 

ш Occasional elevator inspections! "4 Rooftop Playground with Low "4 Coin-Operated Balconies! 

m Insect and rodent infestations Fence Provides Unobstructed v/ Fireplace in Showers! 
professionally maintained! Scenic Views for Kids! V/ Cemetery on Premises! 

m Doormen dressed in uniforms / Mirrored Toilets! Z Miciowave Ovens with 
reminiscent of admirals in / Putting Green in Kitchens! Stained Glass Windows! 
Gilbert and Sullven operettast / Intercoms with Dolby Sound! " History Channel only 


m Nightly car-alarm barrages! 


m Shadowy drifters wandering the halls, 


Located a mere 73 miles from the nearest hospital, Gravel 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week! F 7 


Vista Gardens appeals го the most eclectic and demanding 
tastes. Surrounded on one side by а horscback trail, on another 
side by a missile range and on yet another side by a juvenile 


correction facility, you will have most of your needs met here! 
Apartment model (1:24th scale) Dy y 


now open for inspection! 


Ника Den Мо rri — It's like living in New York, Paris or Rome ene marge " 
1 . 7 less Tul 
Go to the Shell station and ask Fred (if they were vast, empty wastelands!)™ Management Seet. 


А Нотейеу Company 


Most Ethnic Groups 
34 ARTIST- CEORCE wOODBRIDC WRITER: JEFF KRUSE Welcome (Call First) 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


the pump man how to get here. 


I'm Hardly. Sub-Brainy's 
boyfriend! | know | seem 
shy and not-too-bright, 
and it looks like my 
life is going nowhere, 
but that's just on the 
surface! Underneath, 
| have a foolproof 
plan for the future: 
When 1 grow up, 1 plan 
on being older than I 
am now! Co-oo-l, huh? 


I'm Zell-duh, Sub- 
Brainy's other eccentric 
aunt! Actually, we both 
act like stupid dweebs, 
but "eccentric" sounds 

cuter! In the comic book 
version of Sub-Brainy, | 
have bright green hair! 
On this TV show, I'm 
blonde! Тоо bad. 
because bright green 
is my natural color! 


E GENERATION HEX DEPT. 


I'm Hell-duh, one of Sub- 
Brainy's eccentric aunts! I'm 
teaching Sub-Brainy the ins 

and outs of witchery! This 
closet, for example, takes us 
into another dimension! It's 
like a travel bureau minus 
the brochures! It also stores 
our travel vehicles! This biq 
broom is for long-distance 
travel. For short-distance 
travel, | use this Dust Buster! 


I'm Tail'em, the talking cat! You'll have 
to forgive me tor looking so downcast! | 
just got back from Disney World. and it 

left me very depressed! | can't believe 
how good Disney's animatronics are — 

and how crappy MINE are! A paper 
clip is more animated than me! Hell, 

AL GORE is more animated than me! 


Ис 
په‎ 


) iu 2 
Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


I'm Sub-Bralny, the Teenage Wretch! 
On my sixteenth birthday, | found 
| could levitate, change people 
into fruits and vegetables, even 
bring dead frogs back to life! It 
was amazing to find | could do 
just about anything — that is, 
anything but ACTI I'm 18 years 
old now and only іп my third year 
of high school! So, as you can 
see, having special powers has 
nothing to do with having brains! 


بس هش هصح 


Сап you If we wanted to. but when it Yeah. they 
One of the perks of | | ۳ next comes to TV shows. we prefer changed it 
While you're gone, being a witch is years to go backwards — to steal by taking out 


we're gonna do old ideas! We stole the Bewitched's 


у that we can move 


a bit of travel- ahead into the shows, ۳ idea for this show from charm, 
ing into the future and see Te Bewitched! But we made some |7— wit and 
other realm! next year's movies! changes to avoid lawsuits! originality! 


(7 Л] xaz жет 
Wi Sy). ШЕ? 


1 
0 

ме / HA; 
М2 22) % 


You have such 


` ^ Regular teenage | | Maybe 


Hi, Freakoid Because she's | know, but Гуе got news 


e | strange things |, | Tell me, girl things! THAT'S Geek Girl! a loser! She “mustache” tor you! The 
in your locker what You know, why — 18 has а is a funny comic license 
б." |— a cauldron, | “| should nail polish, the mustache! word, especially for this 
a broom, frog's | lipstick, drugs, |1| other always so when applied show was 
toes, weasel have condoms, students mean to с-| to a girl! That's |; | revoked half- 
eye-lashes, yak in maybe a hand- think Sub- Bi "comic license"! way through 
spit, bat gun or two! [j| 1т Brainy? a the pilot! f 
eyeballs... Beats strangel - 


Pister? 


I'm not JUST a cheerleader! Mean as you |= Hi, Sub- 2 That's okay! This is Oh. 
I'm HEAD cheerleader! | live, | are, Pillary, Brainy! But we just Sitcom High School! THAT'S 
eat, sleep and dream cheer- you sure Wanna go got to We only go to classes why 
«| leading! When І go to college, are together! to the school! We when we can think of we 
| I'm going for а Ph.D. In Cheer- ll You've planned cafeterla haven't a funny situation rarely 
| leading! And I'll minor in a wonderful, and get gone to that takes place go 


Д a cheer- |) Advanced Pompom Repair and ( rewarding life 


any classes in a classroom! 
leader! for yourself! 


wak 


а С SS sm ا"‎ 


— ЖА ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


ег, | had it in 
my lunchbox! 
My aunts pack 
everything 
in there! 


ka a 


туз = 


And then 
matter of our table! 
You sat down and all 
of a sudden we had 
real silverware, a 
candelabra and 
strolling musicians! 


a7, 
S 


Tcu 


ж 


жастық; NER "a UER 
«Же تاس‎ 


l ЛӘ er 
nd بے‎ 


eer ee 
| hate cafeteria food! I'll just 


zap myself something better! 
ZAP! CRACKLE! POP! There, that's 
better — | just created a 
delicious meal for me and Hardly! 
Now I'll just zap a piece of rat 
hair into it to make it more like 


authentic school cafeteria food! 


Attention! This is Mr. Crafty! 
The party planned for 

Saturday night in the school 

gym is canceled! We know all 
the students were REALLY 

-% looking forward to the party, V 

and quite frankly, that's why 

we canceled it! That is all! 


So | told 
everyone we'd 
have the 
party here! 


The Satur- 

| day night 
party at 

school got 
canceled! 


Damn! | wanted 
to qo to that 
party so bad! 

І was looking 
forward to 
slow dancing 
with you. 


This sounds 
like a chance 
for some sort 
of a plot- 
line! | know! 
I'll have the 
party at 


MY house! ) 


1 
thought of 
something 

MORE 
sucky! 


can't think 
of anything 
more sucky! 


XEZEL AM احصل‎ 


-| To outshine that І told them It's gonna No it She has the Are you proud of Easy! I 
rich, stuck-up we had a y take a won't! power to clone J| me? You always | |How'd you|| material- Re 
cheerleader library, 1 lot of 1 just апу тап апа say | don't do do that? || ized them! | |. cycling 
Pillary, | lied an atrium, KÎ magic to E used my {4 she picks Bob enough of the So, should 
abit about لا‎ a swimming آگا‎ create magic wî Vila!? No housework around we re- 
our house! Т роо!, all that to clone Ê wonder she's here, but look! | cycle 
e. by ten Bob a lonely old filled six bags this 
Saturday! Vilas! spinster! with garbage! garbage? 


op 
1991 
06 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


i B» 0 
ID Copyright 


” 


қама EW) ہے‎ OY مد( لا‎ см ES ECCE E A 
په‎ Word of the E —— 2-2 X] And if anyone |? Hmm... m Sub-Brainy, | heard г Wow! ГЇЇ try it! I'm 

Ne party spread |74 Why are they in costume?! complains surprised j| you're a witch! Teach A gonna wish for some real 
gazÎ to the other It's not a Halloween party! |4| about a there haven't me how to do magic! | entertainment! And for 


5 realm, and old "Jack of been more some real laughs here! 
= | friends are You know how it logic,” disappearances )| ZS |6; easy! All 
1 coming over is here! There's no we just of TV critics ==] you need to do is Sorry, magic 
مسل‎ to this realm < гһугпе ог геаѕоп zap them since this | [Г wish for some- doesn't work when 
7 ! х ina! into thin air! show started! : 4l hz 
0: A to attend for anything! 1 thing real hard! you ask for 
£x 7 Жұ” the impossible! 


V. WY ‘RNA, 


NN ہر‎ 


= ن0 و 


٩ А 12 0 
Jê 
Sail 


2——IL— 4 Тоо bad we have cable, [= Cousin Oh, right! The secret | thought the 
Abra! Abra! 1) | or we could usc rabbit Mortified, |552 is, we've cast а spell مه‎ family secret 
Hmm, 1 quess I |: ears! Rabbit ears, 1 you were [54 оп everyone listed іп |“) was that this 
Mortified, didn't say enough Р cable...?! Get it?! ы supposed 4 "celebrity cameo" 
the “| magic words! All |... This is what | do + to fill us [==] night it makes them |—\ was the only work 
world's =] | pulled out of |: on the show, repeat | in on details click over to our Dom DeLuise 
worst this hat were VU. the "jokes" till the of the family show and stare at it | has been able 
magician! Ê rabbit ears! ېب‎ | laugh track catches up! (A secret! in a dumb stupor! to get in years! 


(gi 


VN 


Auntie, | Fey You know ټوا‎ Zel-Duh and | j : Tlıese are 

heard you how we ГУ thought we'd gather your [ supposed to 

had a great use celeb- |5%4 all the famous real : [| real САР be all witches! - Okay witches! 
idea for rities 3 -| celebrity witches A24 celebrity What's Richard L Grab your 


the finale |] on this who are on this ; witch ==] Simmons doing к brooms and 
show to L planet already line-up, | there?! Isn't > let's do ош 
help boost ] т and bring them here za Sub-Brainy! |= he a warlock? | flying aerobics! |. 
ratings? Ji for your party! / GE 
^ a 


WLAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc I 


4224 YOU'VE СОТ MALE DEPT. 


Dating isnt easu — 
meeting someone, trying to let him 
(пош you like him, then Рай getting 
the putz to ask uou out. Sometimes 
цоите lucky enough to find the right 
guy. but for every Mr. Right out 
there, there are thousands of Mr. 
Wrongs (many of them named Earl)! 
There are, however, certain 5 
inklings and tipoffs to tell the two 
apart and separate the wheat from 
the chaff. As a service to single 
women everywhere, we now present... A 


: Punches out your dad 
ONG after he calls you “honey” 


DAWA 
ehe) 


"n Е 7 مس‎ 7 
یٹ‎ as 1 
кы. یی‎ | 
Bt 
. 3 
22% | 


MR. RIGHT: Walks yov to the door 


WRONG: Walks не to the door... 
of the bathroom stall & 


TA 
MR. 
ARTIST: RICK TULKA R: DAVE CROATTO 


WRITE 
ТА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


AN | 

NM ; 

2 WEAR 
MR. RIGHT: Wishes that oll disagree- 


T: 
ments could be settled 
as quickly as possible 


+71 

MR. RIGHT: Says that yov're the | 
most important person 

in his life | 


MR. RIGHT: nun to know 


absolutely every- 
thing about you 


PA‏ کہ 
MR. WRONG Vagvely mentions‏ 
that someone will‏ 
die if you dump him‏ 


MR. WRONG: Writes а 40-poge, 
rambling manifesto 
comparing your love 
to that of Roseanne 
and Tom Arnold 


MR. WRONG: Cres when he runs 


out of Count Chocula 


ШАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


GREEN 
» 


<a = 4 É jw. <a 
MR. RIGHT: Says he'll die if 
yov ever dump him 


Leaves a sweet little 
poem comparing you 
to a flower 


MR. RIGHT: 


iG n 
Та. 
ri ans 


уы MR. RIGHT Keeps o picture of WRONG; Keeps postin 
MR. WRONG: Wises har dl you on his night stand MR. WRONG: سو‎ 
agreements 8 110105 of you 
settled in a steel cage р м 


on the Internet 


VP] N n 


<a 2 22 ns ۹1 E‏ سا 
+ 3 : 
V. JUSTICE LEAGUE |‏ 
E S ٧ RULES‏ 


ч سه‎ MR. RIGHT: Tokes you home to RONG: Claims he can’t, 
MR. WRONG: Says that as long ده‎ тесі ls proi MRS WRONG: ка сы 
he's the fan dub president, crazy court order” 


the Justice League 
will always come first 


— سه 


PA j 7 
۸ : 
5 ” / 7h 
y ДІ 
1 


" ELO MR. RIGHT: Offers to set yovr MR. WRONG: Winks and mentions 
ЕНЕ cc ef sister up with his that he has plenty 
MR. WRONG: æ - — best friend of love to go around 
learning your cash Баса {ЧЁ 1 18 : 4 > 
machine PIN number اس ری‎ ONU Û W | سنا‎ MCN e) 7 


BAD) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


E SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


[pee 


ш 2а” 
کیک‎ С 
е : 3, e 
L rew ч 


ARTIST AND WRITER: SERGIO ARAGONES 


t ١ ٧.٥ 
ON. ane MUND. К 
(AM, سه‎ A aw i 

A, NE MANENA Ж 


"e xu 
' A 


irpo A‏ حر 
ARCA mf‏ 

لا 

Бен 2‏ 595 و 


5 
E 


(CE وه(‎ 
Еу ТА ДАТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


A Й 7) “Morey J 


۴ ۴ 7 7 Em- 
LW - e YN. ӘР 
4 MN ФИ? 
ч = 


М A > : 
QUE «ГУ, 


بچ 
тт‏ 


zan 


ہے 


~ 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


PLAN ІТ HOLLYWOOD DEPT. 


Ever since he stood upright, 
man looked upwards to the 
heavens. He gazed upon the 
majestic swirl of the cosmic 
matter above, pondered his 
own role in the primordial 
soup of creation, and dared 
to wonder, "Wouldn't this be 
even cooler with Will Smith 
in it?" And so, for these 
geek-oid doofuses, we offer... 


Chapter 1 
THE SPACE HERO 


Ar AN 


Sce the space hero, 
Facing 400 laser-wielding soldiers, he tells 
his buddy,"l'll take the 200 on the left.” 
Meeting а three-headed alien, he asks, | | 
"Which опе of you is Moe?" i | 
Trapped by а ravenous lizard with 
ا موټا‎ he quips, "| don't 
pose | could in i " 
Behtiok, schtick, shia 0-027 
е would last about two minutes in actual со 
“a he always manages to save the universe ііі 
о һе гесеіуез ۵ galaxy's highest honor. | 


А really bad drawin ona |“ 
с 1 і „2 - 
g ollector's cup from Burger King. Se 7 ад 


لا تنس 


р RUCKER WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


Chapter 
THE SECRET A 


Chapter 2 UTOPSY LAB part! 


THE ULTIMATE WONDER 
0 


See the sci-fi convention. 
Its a dazzling world of faraway planets. 
4 K | Of heroes bold. 
رگ7‎ : Of species beyond description. 
It’s at the Marriott near the airport. 
The conventioneers spot the rarest 
of all items. 
Drool, drool, drool. 
Is it the original Star Trek script with 
sci Captain Pike? 
Is it the director's cut of Dune? 
No, something even more precious 
| and rare than that. 
Something you эсс at a sci-fi convention 
maybe once in ten years. 
An actual woman. 


See the underground 
government lab. 

They're doing an autopsy 
on the alien's brain. 

Oops! The allen isn't quite dead! 

It has burst to life! 

Yipes, yipes, yipes! 

The alien kills the scientists. 

The alien tries to escape. 


What a shame. 


The lab cost 150 million dollars. 
But they only spent $29.95 for the big sheet of glass. 


| Chapter 6 — — R 
THE TERMINATOR <=) 


Chapter 7 


See the uninhabitable = " M, ^ 

See the Wick و مس‎ 2 ТНЕ ОТ 

"ME ж. ы" OTHER TERMINATOR 
) Let's go back. 


а major sports event? 


No, silly, it's the future ù 
ere is a different Possible future. 


It has a much А 
the first der budget than 


" , Е 
mM са Computer has wise نا‎ 

орд sends а ош 
This mo" into the past. 

ie the Cyborg will try 

0 kill the rebel leader when 


Once she is dead, th 
never be born, 


—hut—since it's 
А 7 ALREAI 
| and since the eyil Ад the future he's just a bo 
м ү fighting the и is this Cyborg fail y. 
—it knows the р! leader will sen 5, the evil compute 
worked. So why both ^ one یں‎ ANOTHER cyborg ہے‎ 
r And a fou e earlier in time 
rth > 
And a fifth... 
Until one of them qo, 
the job righ. 50, 


So much for (е 
Terminator Ill, 


D 


NM 
200 


(SSeS Lc 


== 
"V‏ چ کے 


Chapter 4 
THE SECRET AUTOPSY LAB PART II 


3 ж-- m See the heroine. 
EE LT E The heroine runs down the halı, 
The heroine shuts the 
Sliding metal door. 
The alien slams into the door 
and makes a huge dent. 
Then he makes another, 
Slam, slam, slam! 
Does the heroine run? 
Does the heroine flee? 
Not yet, 
First she waits until the alien 


breaks THROUGH the door. 
Hmmm... 


А /They might have been doing 


A autopsy on the wrong brain, 
: ^ 


re watching 7 
پس‎ Tick, tick, tick. Click ner Міпшіев 


a Click, click. 
M 
ححک تچ‎ SSS 


Chapter 9 
THE SCI-FI FAN 


See the computer whiz, 
He's breaking into the aliens' 
Computer nerve center, 
Hack, hack, hack. 
Only he can save the 
Earth from destruction. 
He's going to hack into the alien computer f 
and upload a virus. ч 
Isn't it lucky he only needs 
à five-letter password? 
Isn't it lucky his computer terminal 
is magically connected to all the 
alien computers within 1,000 miles? 
Isn't it lucky the allens were too 
busy maslering Interdimensional 
Space travel to program a simplo 
virus firewall protector? 


Today is opening day of the new sci-fi blockbuster, 
See the long line of moviegoers, 

Long, long, long. 
{ See the first person on line. 
He's a big fan, 
He downloaded the script off the "Ме, 
T He found secret skelches of the monster, 
^ 4 He read all the gossip. 

And previews. And reviews.‏ که 

M And interviews with the cast. 
He will think the movie was 60-50. 


x He will say it “had no surprises," 
ججج‎ 


SSN 


. سے‎ Е 
ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 Бу Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


bas GRIEVING LAS VEGAS DEPT. 


CELEBRITY CAUSE-OF- ЙТ. 3 


- +6 йїп. 


Our team of crack oddsmakers gives you the latest Vegas line оп j ; 
how опе of today's biggest stars is going to buy the cattle farm! di М 
5 TQ Р THIS MONTH'S BELOVED CADAVER TO BE: 1 


AM‏ وس 


. CAUSE OF DEATH ` 
`, Entire epidermis snaps like 
125% n oyerstretched rubber band 
(duet b constant weight fluctuations) 


Swooning mishap during taping of 
"Denzel Washington guest shot 


"Terminal boredom after actually reading `. | c 
„öne of the lame-ass novels ih her book club ٢ 10:1 


аа “Yougoo on, girl” head Bobbing injury 15:1 


н ` + Cold-cocked Бу Süsan Lucci after ра 
flagrant flaunting һег Daytime Emmy 75-1 3 


; ری‎ оп ! wedding cakeduring “Stedman ` CSG E 
feeds the bride” part of the wedding reception 1,648 987:1 | 


ARTIST: HERMANN МЕЛА 
WRITER: MIKE SNIDER 


`-4 
MAD Copyright © 2006 t чы Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


وره ده 


НАТ ЕРІС STRUGGLE HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


WILL RESUME THIS MAD FOLD-IN 


These days if something is hugely popular, 


SUMMER BUT FAIL TO chances are a sequel will be made with the hope 


that the second will be just as profitable as the 


LIVE UP TO ITS first. There is, however, one sequel coming this 
PREDECESSOR? summer that will try and probably fail to top itself. To ы) 
i find out what this sequel is, fold page in as shown... FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT FOLD BACK SO “A” MEETS "B" 


la. 


| н اا لي‎ 
STAR PERFORMERS ALWAYS LIKE TO REPEAT THE 
HOT ROLES THEY'VE PLAYED SO FANS WILL COME 
RUSHING IN TO SEE THEM ONCE AGAIN. BUT IN 
REALITY THIS VERY SELDOM EVER TAKES PLACE 


Copyright 6 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


۸ ( Special 
| | ١١ AlleSmoking 
М Edition - 


| 
۱۱۱۷۱۱ ГУ ۱ 
2 RAE E 
7 Мо. I'm infested with bugs and 
this is how | fumigate myself! 


9 1-70 1 د 


No, I'm practicing for my role 
as a volcano in our school play! 


SCHOOL = 


Ca 


No, I'm exhaling second- 
hand smoke! 0 


«> 
T 


mw ۷۹۸ که یقت‎ SLL) یلت‎ te ААДА 


Did a lifetime of smoking | N AS نے : رت‎ No, it was a lifetime of eating fruits 
cause your terminal illness? Mad ` ( (J ای‎ and vegetables that gave me can- 
7 ۴ S| cer. heart disease and emphysema! 
ہیس ا ےت‎ КОШТ | No, I'm just one of those 
ES ٧۷ rare individuals born with 
smoke- ravaged lungs! 


١ Мо. you can hardly call it 
JP a lifetime. | didn't start 
: smoking till | was 121 


“=| No, we're trying to get people 
g addicted to buying cigarettes! We 
don't care if they smoke thern! 


Are you trying to get people {4 
addicted to smoking cigarettes? = اا7‎ 7 RE 
2/0 TOBACCO z | 
FIERY ^ SPONSORS Bic SENDS NEI £ 
| TENNISWEEK } FSKIMO BALLET 3 TENORS ON WORLD- O2 he 
[err WEŞAN USAW WIDE SING-OFF meg 87, 
Ж 5; 5 7 / КЧ Г) No. we add all the tar and nicotine 
aM LO for the health benefits! 


em EG TOR, CCO ERT A ۱ 

1 2 CORE ener No, we're just asking people to help 

Û SIGN LANGUAGE Ê له ووس ورمن‎ us get rid of tobacco by putting іп 
Д OPERA GALA ex ^ êa their mouths and burning it! 


ARTIST AND WRITER: AL JAFFEE 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


