* HUMOR IN A JUGULAR VEIN * SEPTEMBER 1955 


= — 
> 
à SE 
MIS ee 


ему: 


(s 


2 А АТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 4 


| ътнажвкит ез 
AND ПРИМА CREAM 


سے — 


What 7. . Jou haven't tasted NEW IPUNA?" 


(75 the Lest tasting way to tight hunger) 


Chances are you'll be ever so much 
more surprised than this wide-eyed 
girl... once you try new Ipuna. Espe- 
cially if you have the fool notion that 


- 
tooth pastes are all about the same. and sometimes die. However, when our H 1 
tooth paste was tested by tooth paste 1 Send for generous sample thube. - 
Ipuna’s new flavor beats every other testers, Ipuna was the only tooth paste : IpunaThoospasie,Dept.&— meꝰ. Cuvliy. N. . ! 
leading tooth paste hands down after the toothpaste taste thesters asked for 4 * # bi sin ali H 
H = ride ис sts Sec < ease send тс а trial tube of thoospaste 
nation-wide taste tests. seconds on. | for | would like to be а thestpoost thaster and 5 
1 thest (haste your thathpuost,..thuost... ' 
1 phoost ... ptooey! ' 
New-Formula IPUNA 
ри" e" - Name 1 
' 
A a En 
i 
= \ 

VES h WITH BACTERIA DESTROYER esme? : p^ ! Planet | 

1 
=; ' 
—.— Ц (Offer good only in continental 1 
— South Polar Ice Cap.) 1 
1 


Yes—after nation-wide taste tests it was 
found that after eating a tube of every 
other leading tooth paste, the tooth 
paste tester would usually become sick 


Ipuna A/C Tooth Paste (Alternating Current) also contains bacteria-destroying C,H, (№0, ),. (Dynamite) 


Besides, Ipuna has the new wonder in- 


gredient E= MC* 


MAKE YOUR OWN THASTE-TEST -. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SN 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 


QP RPO OCP OOOO OOOO POOR OOD OOOO ODDO OOOO ODO ODO DODO RODD RODD QUU DU 00) 
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYVYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY) 


CYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY) 


No. 25 * 


PUBLISHER: William M. Gaines 


STAFF ARTISTS: Jack Davis 
BUSINESS MGR.: Lyle Stuart 


HUMOR IN A JUGULAR VEIN * 


EDITOR: Harvey Kurtzman 


wil Elder 
CIRCULATION ; 


SEPTEMBER 1955 


PRODUCTION: John Putnam 


RESEARCH: Richard Smith 
SUBS,: Nancy Siegel 


Wally Wood 
Bob Salomon 


So) DEPARTMENTS -— S 


Build-It-Yourself Department . . page 40 
Confidential Info. Department . page 22 
Education Department page 44 
Fairy Tale Department . . . . . page 28 
Letter Department page 5 
Mad Award Department . . . . page 30 
Magazine Department page 18 


Television Department 


( 
\. 


€ 
*й 


STAN FREBERG “DOODLES” WEAVER 

Contributors to this issue are STAN FRE- 
BERG, (p. 18) the ingenious young fellow 
who attracted so much attention a while 
back with his St. George and the Dragonet 
record, and who with his friend Daws But- 
ler now has a very funny record on the 
market called The Honey Earthers, a par- 
ody on the Jackie Gleason Honeymooners. 
On page 44 you'll find a clever piece that 
DOODLES WEAVER sent along to us. Many 
of you will recall Mr. Weaver from the 
Spike Jones T.V. show and currently the 


Movie Department 
Music Department 
Newspaper Department 
People Department 
Radio Department 

Roger Price Department 
Sports Department 


TC) CONTRIBUTORS (22у) 


STEVE ALLEN ALLAN JAFFEE 

Horace Heidt Show Wagon. On page 11, to 
the surprise of many STEVE ALLEN fans, you 
will find a musical libretto by STEVE ALLEN, 
to the surprise of STEVE ALLEN too. Finally, 
we again have articles by ERNIE KOVACS 
(who has a new East coast morning radio 
show), ROGER "DROODLES" PRICE (not to be 
confused with poopLES Weaver) and BER- 
NARD SHIR CLIFF (who is unheard of). As- 
sisting us this issue by writing a picture 
story is ALLAN JAFFEE who gets credit for 
the baseball story on page 13.—H.K. 


MAD—August-September 1055, Volume 1, No. 25, is published bi-monthly by E. C. Publications, Ine., at 225 Lafayette Street, New 
York 12, New York. Entered as second-class matter at the Post Office at New York, N, Y. Subscriptions, 8 issues for $2.00 in U. S. 
Elsewhere, $2.50. Entire contents copyrighted 1955 by E. C. Publications, Inc. The publisher and editors will not be responsible for 


unsolicited manuscripts and request all manuscripts io be accompanied by a stamped, self addressed return envelope. Ihe names of 
characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction articles are fictitious, A similarity to a living person is a coincidence, Coincidence 
of similarities in MAD lampoons and parodies is highly debatable. Printed in U.S.A. 


UA 
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 М 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Wohn 


у000000000000 


000000 0500800 000d d Hö 0000000000000000000000000090000050 


/000000000000000000000(0(,) 


VAAAAAAAAAAAUULAA A 


RADIO DEPT. 


RADIODETECTIVELAND 


BEFORE RADIOS BECOME EXTINCT LET’S TAKE A LAST 
LOOK AT THE ENVIRONMENT OF THE "PRIVATE EYE", 


We were thinking the other day about radio detectives and 
how they live such weird lives. Like forinstance radio detec- 
tives have wild adventures every week. Now who has wild 
adventures every week in real life? In real life you have 
wild adventures maybe once a year if you're lucky. So the 
way we figure it is radio detectives, to have so many adven- 


tures, must live in crazy neighborhoods like this... 
чл: Е 


just os things ore getting romantic (B). Next, Sam will maybe collide with 
stranger (C) and mix briefcases which storts new adventure. Or maybe Som 
will get mixed up with bank robbery (D). Meanwhile, good-lookin girl actress 
calls Sam from apartment (E) because boy-friend’s murdered. Down on street 
corner (F) is Russion agent about to mix Sam up in international intrigue. 
Black limousine (б) waits to bump off Sam because he's only one who can 
upset some big gangster plans. In bar where he takes daily nip, Sam will 
probably stop thug from annoying good-lookin girl (H) thus plunging into 
new adventure. Meanwhile another good-lookin girl model calls Sam from 
phone-booth in bar (I) because grandmother's been murdered. Sam will go 
to own apartment after nip to fresh up (J) where gangster waits facing door 
in darkened room. Unbeknownst to him, mysterious good-lookin blonde pre- 
pares drinks while waiting for Sam in kitchen (K) next to room where gang- 
ster waits unbeknownst to her. Back in street rich good-lookin girl waits for 
Sam in Rolls Royce (1) to hire him as private body-guard. (M) Russian agent 
waits outside Sam's office to involve him in international intrigue. Mean- 
while good-lookin girl (М) calls Sam from penthouse because husband's 
murdered. Sam's waiting room is crowded with clients (0); the crook who 
will try to get Sam in a frame-up, the girl (good-lookin) who is trying to 
divert suspicion for a murder rap from herself by employing private eyes, 
the man who knows hes gonna get killed and gets killed when he tells Sam, 
and the good-lookin girl who commits murder jus! so's she has an excuse to 
see Sam. Inside Sam's office, good-lookin secretary (P) answers all the fur- 
shlugginer phone calls from good-lookin girls while sitting on Sam's desk 
(Q) which, contrary to popular belief contains bottles of medicine since Sam 
is actually very sick man because of constant fights and hits on head. Clothes 
closet (R) contains body which will fall out when Sam opens. Also waiting 
for Sam to come to office are men (S) with telescopic rifle in hotel room 
across street, while whole bunch of good-lookin chorus girls coll Sam from 
studio (T) because Alfred E. Neuman's murdered. Down in cellar, eating 
peanut butter sandwich lunch and reading comic book while tapping tele- 
phone wire for fourth month in a row (U) is real private eye. 


2 


BAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


7 


was ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


A stirring scene to say the least from M-G-M-G’s “LEAVE ME OR ME LEAVE”! 


VACCINE 


7203 


on. & 
Lo CU. 


WHAT DID SHE MEAN when she said she dic now how to pay him off? Did she mean she didn't know how to repay him or did she mean she didn't 
know how to pay him off of something? What kind of English is "don't know how to pay you off?"Find out what she meant by seeing this picture 


M-G-M-G presents in CAMERASCOPIC ond cOLORAMIC ® DORIS DAYTIME ond JAMES CAGNEEBONE in "LEAVE ME OR ME LEAVE" 
n 10 M K Elliot Cowsnofski e ophed in film 
een play by АН or 8 Cow b Nev cted by Alfred Cowsnofski ® Pro. d by Josef Neuman N. G. M. G. Picture 


Adve 


ID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


LETTER DEPT. 


We'd like to preface our 
letter column by announcing 
that the first issue of the 
New MAD sold out! We feel 
great! So we're going to get 
a little hammy by devoting 
most of our letter column to 
some of the congratulations 
we've received. We promise 
we won't do it again in the 
future.—ed. 


This letter speaks for one 
ship, the 0.5.5. George Cly- 
mer. We of the gunnery di- 
vision would like to express 
our opinion of your book. 
Us guys have, at one time or 
another, read everything from 
Superman to Mike Hammer 
They are read today and 
forgot by tomorrow . . . not 
really worth the time it takes 
to read them А new book 
comes to the newsstands . . . 
you think, well might as well 
try it it can't bore me any 
more than the rest of the d* *n 
books . . . so you buy it, take 
it back to the ship, and start 
to read апі... next thing you 
know you are falling out of 
your sack laughing like h* *1 

. then someone helps you 
up, wiping the foam írom 
your lips . the word is pass- 
ed, soon everyone has MAD. 
To make a long story short, 
which 15 hard for me since 
I'm from TEXAS, son ... we 
like it. 

Jimmy J. Folse 
Ath Division 
U.S.S. George Clymer 


Guar 


Your mag is too funny. 
Every time I read a few pages, 
I roll over laughing. While 
I am rolling, I roll over the 
MAD and tear or crumple up 
the pages. Must I nail MAD 
to the wall? 

Arthur Chandley 
Lubbock, Texas 


— 


At nine o'clock tomorrow 
morning, I will enter a place 
called “University Hall, lo- 
cated somewhere on the cam- 
pus of King's College. Morn- 
ingside Heights, etc, for a 
small final. This evening I have 
been reading your latest crc- 
ation. I am writing to tell you 
if I am a freshman again next 
year it will be YOUR FAULT. 

Henry D. Shapiro 
New York 23, N. Y. 


гм 


When I informed our pla- 
toon that MAD was on sale 
at the PX, we all rushed over 
there to buy our own per- 
sonal copies, We had just fin- 
ished scrubhing the floors, and 
we wanted something to put 
down on the center aisle so 
that we wouldn't track up the 
floor again. 

Pfc. Ellis Lesack 
Fort. Huachula, Arizona 


Gun 
I read your latest MAD, on 
the great American sport, 


wrestling. You told of the Ji- 
varo Finger-nail pinch which 


Jivaro Finger Nail Pinch. 


was said to paralyzc your op- 
ponent. I tried this on my baby 
sister but it failed to paralyze 
her. She only got mad and beat 


me up. 
Dick Boersma 


Langmont, Colorado. 

Gar 
I have just completed your 
“Anyone Can Build” coffee 
table, Except for a few small 
changes I have followed your 
instructions to the word. The 


—.— -- rg 


minor change | made was to 
sink a roulette wheel into the 
center. I have already made 
enough money to cover the 
cost of the table, 
J. Lindley Mixon 
Claremont Men's College, 
Claremont, California. 


мг 


What is the big idea put- 
ting in Hans Christian Andcr- 
son's fairy tale, "The Constant 
Tin Soldier" instead of a re- 
port from Russia in MAD 
#24? Who are you trying to 
kid? You didn't think anyone 
could read Russian? In the 
future please try to get a more 
authentic report. 

Fine and Myron 
Los Angeles, California. 


Диар Сар, 

Буя, тнат нию Мад ис тир- 
рїфх. 

Noon юп тжэ Wypx. 

Moanin 
Paul Cummins 
Kansas City, Mo. 
22, 
12-го мая 1955-го г. 
Редакторам журнала 
«Оумасшедший» 

Прочел страницу 16 вашето 
журнала № 24 (единственную 
страницу имеющую какую-либо 
интересную тему, меж. проч. ), 
и только хочу один вопрос по- 
станить: 

Где же фаршлагипор конец? 

Прошу ответить и направить 
конец статьи на адрес: 

David Н. Williams 
Washington, D. C. 
Pra 

Mite правится новый «MAU». 
Особенно мне иравится ваш 
«Доклад от России» в номере 
июля. А что случилось с 010- 
вяинмм солдатиком, красави- 
пей и чертенком? Скажите мие 
быстро, пы сведете меня e ума. 

«Сумасшедший любитель» 
Name Withheld 
Gry 


əd) no s18 ensineM sW 
-ieoqenmT sdi lo sbie зайзо 
«2v» 212 qu ог 12148 поп 
ог гі Jl .ebiswobsd гі дпїїз 
393 0) зувй о) siduow um 
0) new ow nodw 10nifn & 
ow sed) ,9107819Ј11 woy Бвот 
поп Бе leis s sdil bluow 
zbiswinoit Бозапа GAM to 
nolnsd sinned 
.&imolilgO ‚үэ1эї1э& 


M 


What in the world does 
"NGO GNGOGNGOGNO" 
mean? which appeared in 
MAD 124, Gary Neusch 


Staten Island, New York. 


Ngogngogngo is clearly 
many Ngogns all gathered 
together.—ed. 


uu 


Gosharootic! Such а won- 
drous magazine! From the 
sprightly nymphs and dashing 
centaurs, through the last, won- 
drous Y, the pages were ra- 
diant with unsurpassable wit 
It would please me greatly if 
onc of your magazincs in thc 
near future contained an ar- 
ticle by Bob and Ray. 

Hartley Gurney 
Frectown, Mass. 

Although funnymen Bob 
and Ray of East coast radio 
fame have not appeared in 
the New MAD, they have 
written an introduction in 


our latest paper-bound MAD 
book called MAD STRIKES 


BACK!" published by Ballan- 
tine Books 
your newsstands. . 
—ed. 


+ 35с... on 
. NOW! 


"MAD STRIKES BACK!“ 
Pup 


I get my MAD 24... Every- 
where 1 see the mug of this 
guy. Will you please explain 
his story and why he is so 
popular? 

Gary Hoopes 
Miami Beach, Fla. 


"What, Me worry?“ 


Which brings up an inter- 
esting problem. The research 
staff of MAD has been try- 
ing for some time to track 
down the source of the ‘What, 
me worry?’ picture and so 
far, he hasn't come up with 
a thing. Any information 
leading to the procurement 
of the original ‘What, me 
worry?' picture will be great- 
ly appreciated.—ed. 


Please address all corre- 
spondence to; MAD, Dept. 25, 
225 Lafayette Street, New 
York 12, New York. 


remember! September 1955 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Another article on Jack E. Glisten where you get 
eye view of how this hilarious comedian 


itty, fun: 


2 ҹа . ٤ Е P 


CREATING SIDE-SPLITTING SATURDAY NIGHT SHOW, SCOWLING GLISTEN SITS IN CENTER OF SNARLING WRITERS. 


6 you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


PEOPLE DEPT. 


“JACK Ш 


story 


Quite used to being surrounded by difference is caught as he strolls 
gorgeous show-girls, Glisten's in- amongst his beauteous chorines. 


Jack E. Glisten, the highest paid comic Ж 111) 
in the world, lives іп a glamorous pent- 7 
house overlooking New York City. As ^ 
you glide to a stop on his private, tartan, . 
monogrammed elevator, you cannot A * 
help but gasp as the elevator doors 
whirr softly back, revealing a breath 
taking tartan apartment, a tartan la- 
goon running the length of the room 
and disappearing into the distance. 
While multi-hued fountains play amidst 
gamboling statucttes and flowering lilly 
pads, the muted strains of an orchestra 
hidden away on some lofty balcony, 
and playing gentle after-dinner music, 
reaches your cars. Various tables and 
counters set all abour the room in the 
thick tartan carpeting are laden with 
comforts . . . ornate silver boxes filled 
with cigarcttes, cut-glass bowls hcaped 
with fruits, decorated jars crammed 
with money. 

These are the servants quarters. 

Jack E. himself lives in the more 
sumptuous part of the pent-house, but 
he has little time to enjoy all this lux- 
ury. Practically always, he is surrounded 
by a veritable army of people . . . man- 
agers, directors, writers, secretaries, 
valets ... and when he travels about, 
it is not uncommon го see this group 
of people travelling with him. This 
compact little group of people, all in a 
tight little knot all packed together 
tight, now skittering to the right, now 
scrabbling to the left, now doing an 
oblique right march, and a to-the-rear 
march. when you see this dust cloud 
approaching being made by a tightly 
packed little group of people all to- 
gether, you can bet it's Jack E. Glisten. 


ма 
24 


i 


x 


CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 


remember! September 1955 7 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JACK E. GLISTEN continueo 


THE TALENTED GLISTEN WRITES, DESIGNS, 


GUSTEN 15 


- 
pur киз е”, ДД 


TALENTED... 


Jack E. Glisten undoubtedly has many 
talents that bring him his fantastic in- 
come. The question is often asked. 
just what are these talents? Exactly what 
is it he does that brings him his fan- 
tastic income? No doubr, this is one of 
the foremost questions in your mind as 
you read and ponder this article. No 
doubt you are waiting for us to answer 
this question as most articles do 
what he does exactly, to make his fan- 
tastic income. .. You think 
we'd tell you? You think if we knew 
what he does to make his fantastic in- 
come, we'd tell you? If we knew ex- 
actly what he does to make his fantastic 
income, we wouldn't tell you. We'd go 
out and make his fantastic income our- 
selves, by George! 


STILL FURTHER TALENTS . . . GLISTEN DABBLES IN PHYSICS . . . HAS SHED MUCH LIGHT ON UNEXPLORED AREAS OF ATOMIC SCIENCE. 
КЕЗ КИ ЕК E 


| 


8 you read it in MAD 
ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


POLITICALLY TALENTED GLISTEN TAKING TIME OUT TO GIVE GOV'T А HAND . Has DONE MUCH TO CALM CRISES IN THE FAR EAST, 


HARD-WORKING GLISTEN WORKS WITH COLD. 


12; S 


OVERWORKED 


Though he's reached the top, Glisten 
still has to put in a crammed day's work 
On a typical day, he arrives early in 
morning at studio for Sat. show script 
conference . . thence to airport . . . re- 
vise script en-route to L.A. ... contract 
conference in L.A... . writes next show 
en-route back to N.Y... downtown, 
for rehearsal . . penthouse, for spon- 
sor's conference . . . uptown to T.V. 
studio . . . interviews chorus girls . . . 
crosstown to private office... O. K. s 
musical number downtown to shovel 
money in bank . . . uptown, final revi- 
sions on script . . . check on costumes 
double check schedule. That ties it 
up, Glisten's work is finished and he 
can relax because he doesn't have to do 
anything else... not till after lunch. 


WEAK AND HARDLY ABLE TO MOVE, GLISTEN, ATTENDED BY DOCTORS, GOES RIGHT AHEAD WITH UNABATED ENTHUSIASM WORKING ON SHOW. 


+ ` еу Ашым ә. ч 
VM ра «|, > m 9 -- 


remember! September 1955 CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 9 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JACK E. GLISTEN continue 


NOW HE BRUSHES ASIDE THE PLASMA TUBES AND THE DOCTOR'S SCALPEL. 


END 
you read it in MAD 


ht © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MUSIC DEPT. 


Those of you who are interested in the square dance will enjoy the following interpretation of square dance calls 
that were hrought to our attention on the Steve Allen television program. The following Very Square Dance 
lyrics are reprinted without the Very Square Dance music since if we reprinted the Very Square Dance 
music, you wouldn't go out and buy the original Very Square Dance music (Copyright MCMLV by Rosemeadow 
Publishing Corp., New York, N. V.). But if you want to be sneaky, go out and buy the original Very Square 
Dance Music (copyright MCMLV by Rosemeadow Publishing Corp.., New York, N. Y.) and copy in the notes 
on the staves we have provided below. Or hetter still, copy in any music you libe. Or you can even copy in the 


A 3 
Square 
By Steve Allen 


= 


Rub your belly with lin-seed oil, Wrap your head in al. 


= 


um-inum foil. Scratch your back where it may itch, 


MM M——‏ ڇڪ ڪڪ ڪڪ 


Tune right in to Faye and Skitch. Play gin-rum-my with 


:ЫЭ‏ = == ڇڪ e‏ ج ڪڪ جڪ ج ج ي 


Four-teen decks, Punch and  Ju-dy, Jinx and Tex. 


_=339] ڪڪ 


Peas and car-rots—pud-din’ and pie, ru give you a 
punch in the eye. Blow your brains ош, fip your lid, 
Oh, you cra-zy, mixed-up kid. Swing your clyde and 
Reprinted by permission of the copyright owner. CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
remember! September 1955 11 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MUSIC continued 


Wash your face, in a gen-u-ine sty-rene car-ry-ing case. 
= 
Tur-key in the hay-loft mon-key in a tree Princeton 12, and 
= 

Na-vy 3. Pos-sum up a  houn-dog. chicken up а “coon, 
ڪڪ‎ 
Lets have lunch some aft-er-noon. Ev-ry-bo-dy Jump and 
E چ چ ڪڪ‎ 
Rock and Roll, —I would-n’t touch you with a ten foot pole. 


a 


Da-vy Crock-ett dreamed and planned and he plays trom-bone with Ba-sie’s band. 


= 


Big Da-vy Crock-ett from Ten-nes-see—he’s the great-est thing since 


چ ڪڪ 


Pink-y Lee.— At for-ty five—it may sound great, but 


= 


spin this re-cord at sev-en-ty eight. Swim-min’ in the wa-ter, 


mu =; 


Fly-in’ in the air, 1 think this dance is — pretty square. 


Copyright MCMLV by ROSEMEADOW PUBLISHING CORP., New York, N. Y. 
Sole selling agent LEEDS MUSIC CORP., 322 West 48th St., New York, N. Y. 


12 you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SPORTS DEPT. 


BASEBALL... 
SCIENCE OR SKILL? 
Managers agree it’s not important 


whether you win or lose, it’s how 
you play the game that counts. 


GRAPHIC EXAMPLE OF HOW 


TO PLAY THE GAME 


Е 


— el 


dip EC 


CASEY 
Scientific manager Instinctive manager 


SMOKY ALLSHOT 


It takes more than just players to make a baseball team. 
There are owners, coaches, trainers, batboys, relatives, and 
many other spongers busily at work behind the scenes. But 
on the field the one guy who runs the whole show is the 
manager. On his broad shoulders they pile on all the troubles. 
His job is to win games no matter what kind of a crummy 
«cam those guys behind the scenes stick him with. Each 
manager has his own way of doing this but generally he's 
either the Scientific type or the Instinctive type. 

Smo Allshot is che Scientific type manager. He has a staff 
of full time statisticians who write everything down in 
record books—like who the best pitchers are, the hardest 
hitters, the fastest runners, dirtiest players, sloppiest dressers 
and like that. At a moment's notice they can tell Allshot 
anything about anybody. 

Casey Stumble, on the other hand, is the Instinctive type 
manager. He has a "feel" for making the right move. He rid- 
icules Allshot for playing ball out of books. He personally 
feels it would be a complete waste of time for him to go 
looking things up in books when everyone knows he can't 
rcad a word. He prefers to rely on his intuition, experience, 
the way his corns feel, and his pocket sized divining rod. 

Now lets turn the page and see how these clever fellows 
operate in an acrual game. 


CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
13 


7 B 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BASEBALL сонтникр 
MANAGER STUMBLE INSTINCTIVELY SELECTS STARTING PITCHER 


—— — v 


/ я 7 " N CP "Е 


а 
m р 


P 


A {, 
ao = : === — کک‎ ана 
NOTES EFFECT OF НОТ WEATHER ON THEM THEN MAKES A SWIFT, SURE FINAL PICK 


STUMBLE CAREFULLY EYES HIS PITCHERS 


MANAGER ALLSHOT SCIENTIFICALLY SELECTS STARTING PITCHER 


7 


——— 
8 YY tre Р Ту, Е 
SMOKY RUNS ROUTINE CHECK ON PITCHERS 


EU‏ 7 7 ا 7يا 
N * |‏ 7 
PREPARES PITCHERS FOR HOT WEATHER...‏ 


айыры» Sasi CA r 
THEN MAKES QUICK, CALCULATED CHOICE 


14 you read it in MAD 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ALLSHOT PUTS IN A LEFTY PITCHER. . . 


CASEY SWITCHES TO A RIGHTY BATTER. . . 


MANAGERS CLASH IN 
GAME OF THE YEAR 


The stands are packed with a cheering, 
jeering, eating, drinking mass of hu- 
manity. The fans seem to be about 
equally divided in their sentiments. In 
fact some have to be divided by stadi- 
üm police as they try to shove each 
others sentiments down each other's 
throats, 

Suddenly the opening pitch cuts the 
air. A thunderous roar mushrooms up 
from the stands and seventy-six thou- 
sand umpires vent their opinions. 

It becomes quickly evidenr that the 
care exercised in picking pitchers 15 pay- 
ing off. The innings move swiftly by as 
the batters go hopelessly down in order. 
The fans settle back respectfully as this 
pitcher's duel unfolds. The tension 
mounts perceptibly. Eight and a half 
hitless, runless innings go by. Here 
and there in the stands the suain is 
momentarily relieved by the pitiful 
shriek of someone whose nerves have 
just snapped. It's che last of che ninth, 
two our, and up to bat is Ben Blech 
who hasn't had a hit in his last sixty- 
two trips to the plate. Instinctively 
manager Stumble senses this is a per 
fect spot for a pinch hitter, But whom? 
This is the most crucial moment in the 
most crucial inning in the most crucial 
game of ol' Casey's crucial career, call- 
ing for a crucial decision — "THAT'S 
IT! CRUCIAL...he sends in SAM 
CRUCIAL! 

Allshor gets busy swiftly and scien- 
tific like. He looks up everything on 
Sam Crucial and concludes that he's a 
ap batter, and righty batters natur- 
ally hit better off lefty pitchers so... 


= ў Men 


= — 


г.в: — £ 
BRAD Copyright © 2006 by lications, Inc. 


BASEBALL continueo 
FINALLY THE LAST REMAINING ELIGIBLE PLAYERS ARE REACHED. 


MELVIN CRUDLEY COMES TO BAT ALFRED E. NEUMAN PITCHES... MELVIN MISSES A THIRD STRIKE THE CATCHER DOES THE SAME... 


ball bounces 
into gopher hole 


fo cover first 
not knowing 


motions right- : 
fielder to ens 
farther ovt 


sh ort stop hopes 
fo scare runner 


by making like z 


Runner hops 
; around bases 


Well, there we have it. The big game is over. Now at last 
we have something to go by in figuring out which plays the 
more important role in bascball — science or instinct. Of 
course we're not going to try and do this ourselves. We're 
having all we can do to keep from going nuts with this whole 
mess. So we called in a panel of the country’s leading base- 
ball experts, To them this is mere child's play and after 

ee listening to them a while we quickly learned why. They 
Beta Nir Nowa sounded like a bunch of two-year-olds at play, that's why. But 
seriously, these boys know their business. After adding up 
all the things that happened they quickly and confidently 
admitted that they can't make heads or tails of what was go- 
ing on. This leaves the whole miserable mess up to one 
person... YOU! 


NN. F = 


MELVIN CRUDLEY is rewarded by happy ALFRED E. NEUMAN is rewarded by fans LOSING MANAGER Allshot is fired... he 
fans for brilliantly striking out for striking Melvin Crudley our... blames everything on the statisticians. 


` SEAN аг a 7 7 
SAD OWNERS reluctantly sell the team CATCHER who disastrously dropped third 
he'll get a much better paying job... franchise to interests in other cities. strike is traded to a minor league. 


MAD September 1955 | 17 
Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


1 


O hioc 


5 
Е 
| 
& 
© 
8 
5 
=} 
а. 
ло 
ш 
=] 
со 
о 
о 
Sa 
lo 
= 
8 
9 
Jo 


MAGAZINE DEPT. 


Anyone for 
Wrist Slashing 2 


by Stan Freberg 


I dont know about anybody else, but everytime I leaf 
through a movie magazine, its all I can do to keep from 
flailing my head against our used-brick fireplace in an effort 
to brainwash myself. 

Why anyone would find delight in reading what "Tab 
Hunter's Favorite Vegetable Is,” or "How June Allyson 
Finally Found Herself,” or what “Sonny Tufts Wears To 
Bed,” will remain one of the world’s great unsolved mysteries 
to me. I couldn't care less. Still I am drawn like a ship to a 
rock full of sirens by these tales of trivia. 

My first impulse upon reading something called “What it 
would be like to be Mrs, Rory Calhoun” was one of sheer 
panic. I was torn between hurling myself into a tub full of 
luke warm Yami Yogurt, or shaving my head and becoming 
a Trappist Monk. I do not even wish to know what it would 
be like to be Rory Calhoun, let alone MRS, This may seem 
to be an unorthodox attitude, as I am (їп a rather small way) 
in the public eye. But I swear, honor bright, that if anybody 
from Modern Screen ever shows up at my house with a 
questionnaire and a camera, I shall beat them to within an 
inch of their life. ( There will be a slight pause here while 
Modern Screen says "Don't worry pal, we never intended to.) 

Comes now a story in the June issue of Silver Screen on 
Liz Taylor and titled; “REALLY! MISS TAYLOR." Really 
Miss Taylor is right. The authors would impress upon you 
(and I quote;) "Liz may be charmingly confused by econ- 
omy and cooking, but she's an old fashioned mother whose 
home is her delight.” 

SU ---RE she is. She's like any "old fashioned mother" 
on your block. Listen: 

"Elizabeth loves to greet the day sleeping late, breakfasting 
in bed, and going around the house with the sterling speed 
of a snail.” 

Commenting on her sparse wardrobe, the authors exclaim: 

"You'd expect her wardrobe to be bulging with Parisian 
creations, A peek inside reveals exactly two French labels, 
more slacks than Evening Gowns, and one or two dresses 
that she wore when she was 14 years old. Of course’ she 
on The) no longer fit bur 1 just can't bear to part with 
them.” 

On her "Old Fashionedness": 

"She much prefers... cutting her own hair. If she notices 
a long strand in her short bob, she picks up whatever's handy, 
usually the manicure scissors, and proceeds to snip, hit or 
miss fashion.” 

On her Economy: 

"When Liz spotted a bracelet she adored...a few weeks 
later she was considering a mink stole, but decided against 
buying it. Michael, (Wilding) she said to her husband that 
evening, ‘I've figured out a way 1 won't upset the budget, yet 
can buy the bracelet,...1 didn't buy the mink stole, so I can 
use the money I saved on it to buy the bracelet’ 


That, he announced, и the most amazing piece of logic 
I've ever beard! but a week later, she bad that bracelet in 
her Jewel box. It was a gift—from Michael.” 

Her youngest son (2 year old "Mikie") must be mighty 
durn proud to have such an every-day plain-old fashioned 
mother. 

"Thank goodness he's such a goud little boy and hasn't 
needed a spanking. His most serious pranks are pulling out 
light plugs and dialing phone numbers. The amazing thing 
is be often gott areal number and carries on a conversation!” 

Her life is not without it's bitter disappointments: 

"According to Michael, one of the nicest gifts Liz ever 
received, was an extra large T.V. set for the bedroom. Un- 
fortunately, when they moved into their new home, her big 
luxury of lying in bed watching T.V. became a thing of the 
pet The bedrooms in their hillside house are located on a 

lower level, and they can't get any reception.” 

A bitter blow in any girl's life, I agree. She is also faced 
each day with problems that would make a less stalwart 
person snap under the strain. Consider the “Marble coffee 
table crisis: 

"It bad me baffled"... Liz observed, "It weighs 550 pounds, 
is a free-form design, and measures eight fees at it’s longest 
point. 1 bad по idea when I had it designed that it wouldn't 
fit through the front door. Fortunately, the movers were alert 
fellows, and barely managed to squeeze the chunk of marble 
through a side door where the room was being remodeled.” 

I imagine you will rest easier, as indeed I did, to learn that 
the problem had been whipped. 

She is not without an average American girl hobby or two, 
as revealed by the authors who, by their own admission, find 
Miss Taylor a tonic. They do not state what kind however. 

"We've talked with Elizabeth many times and always find 
her a tonic. Once when we were lunching together, we asked 
what her favorire hobbies were. She replied; "Jewelry and 
Houses," 

On the subject of the latter: 

"Each bas been larger and more luxurious than the last. 
Their current house is done in excellent taste, even though 
it boasts a swimming pool in the FRONT yard.” 

The Wildings are not without their flair for the "dramatic": 

"Their new home is done in beige with a dramatic! living 
room. Two glass walls, large stone fireplace and a tree grow- 
ing in the corner.” 

Dramatic is right. It doesn't state what kind of tree, but 
you can bet it’s no different from a uce like any other “old 
fashioned” mother might have growing in her living room. 
The astonishing thing about this whole article is thar in 
several ways it closely parallels a screen play which I com- 
pleted last February. The main characters, and indced the 
very motif of the house are so similar that people might 
suspect I copied them after Miss Taylor and her ménage. 


MAD September 1955 


19 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAGAZINE DEPT. сониншо 


T HET 


WE GOT A TABLE HERE FOR MRS. WILTING. 


Perish the thought! It is sheer chance, and any resemblance MAID In the living room. Bring it right through here. 
between Mr. and Mrs. Wilding and MY characters is not (She turns toward the living room and blends 
only coincidental, but outrageous that you should suggest it! into the motif.) 

SCENE: Home of "Liz" Trailer, beautiful movie queen. SCENE: Dissolves to Liz who is traveling up the stairs 
A delivery man stands at the front door of her from the lower level, at the sterling speed of a 
beige mansion. He is dripping wet having snail. She is dressed in a purple strapless Don 
fallen head long into the front yard swimming Loper Original, Her husband, Michael Wilting, 
pool, which he did not expect го be there. Не stands ас the head of the stairs, his arms yut- 
pushes the doorbell and the air is rent by giant stretched. 
chimes playing the theme from "A Place In LIZ: Michael! 
the Sun." With a burst of tympani, the door MICHAEL: Liz! How lovely you look in that purple strap- 
slowly opens, tripping a circuit which floods less Don Loper original. 
the beige living room with indirect beige neon LIZ: This old rag? I've had it since | was fourteen, 
lighting. From the shadows steps a maid in a Of course it no longer fits, but I just can't bear 
beige uniform, her beige face peering quizic- to part with it 
ally at the intruder. MICHAEL: What a thrifty little wife I have. 

MAID: Yes? LIZ: (Putting a cigarette into her jeweled cigarette 

DLVRY MAN: (Whistles appreciatively) That's quite an ef- holder and lighting it with her solid gold light- 
fect ya got here! er in the shape of the M.G.M, lion.) I'm just 

MAID: Yeah, it's a dramatic living room, ain't it? I see an old fashioned mother I guess, but I've fig- 
yer wet. ured out how to cut our budget this month. 

DLVRY MAN: You're tellin’ me I'm wet? Why don’t they put You know that Hope Diamond I want so 
the pool in the back-yard like everybody else? much? 

MAID: Don't ask me, buster. That'sa nasty flesh-wound MICHAEL: Now Liz.. 
on yer forehead. You hit the diving board? LIZ: (putting her fingers to his lips.) Hush. I've 

DLVRY MAN: No the house. It sorta blends into the hills here. decided nor to buy Miami Beach, and with rhe 
It's beige. money I save on not buying Miami Beach I 

MAID: You're tellin’ me it's beige? Whattaya want? can get the diamond. 

DLVRY MAN: We got a 550 pound, 8 foot free-form marble MICHAEL: (А look of sheer reverance breaking over his 
coffee table here for Miss Trailer. She home? face,) Is there no end to your cleverness? 

MAID: No, she's in bed, having breakfast. She likes to SOUND: CRASH! 
greet the day by sleeping late. Liz: (screams! ) 

DLVRY MAN: How's that again? (Michael runs to front door where rhe men 

MAID: Skip it. Where's the table? have succeeded in ripping all the moulding off 

DLVRY MAN; In the pool. See I was on the front end and 1 the seven foot front door, with the eight foot, 
was backing toward the house. 550 pound free-form marble coffee table.) 

MAID: Good lord! Don't just stand there! Get it out! MICHAEL: What the devil's going on here? 

DLVRY MAN: Charlie and Ed have got a block and tackle on DLVRY MAN: (Staggering under load) We got a table here 
it. We'll have it out pretty quick. Where's it for Mrs. Wilting. 

0? LIZ: ( Coming into scene like snail) Oooh! It's my 


Copyright 1955 by Stan Freberg 


20 you read it in MAD 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


table, Michael. Isn't it beautiful? The marble 
glistens almost like it was wet! 


Of course, they no longer fit, but I just can't 
bear to part with them. 


MICHAEL: Well it won't fit through here! Bring the fool Liz: Oh well, the room could use a little color. 
thing around che other side of che living room. MAID: That's what I say. 
(Men stagger back off porch while Liz and SOUND: ( Room trembles. ) 
Michael walk into the dramatic beige living MICHAEL: (Springing from tree-house and bounding out 
room Liz pulls the drapes, letting in the noon- of room.) How can I concentrate? HOW CAN 
day sun and tripping the circuit which turns 1 CONCENTRATE?? 
on the Hi-Fi system. Exhausted by the effort, тупу MAN: (Applying a tourniquet) What's that thing 
she sinks onto a 12 foor beige ottoman, as a sup to be? 
long playing applause record booms over the — Liz: It's a 550 pound eight foot marble free form 
Hi-Fi. She bows graciously from the ottoman. coffee table. 
In one corner of the room her young son — DLVRY MAN: You're telling me? I mean what's it supposed 
"Mikie" swings by his feet from the lower to be? 
branches of the tree which grows there. She 112: It's done in the shape of Dore Schary. 
calls to him; DLVRY MAN: (Studying table) I can't see it. It looks more 
LIZ: Get down Mikie. The blood is rushing to your like a quick-frozen Darryl Zanuck со me. 
head! LIZ: It's Schary! I designed it, you fool! (Picking up 
MAID: Let the child be, Mam. This room could use a large splinter of glass and chopping at her 
a little color, hair, hit or miss fashion.) I cut my own hair, 
LIZ: Where are you? | can't see you? you know. 
MAID: I'm over here, blending with the motif. DLVRY MAN: (Squinting at table) Dore Schary ch? 
LIZ: Oh. (She picks up a pair of pinking shears and = MIKIE: (On phone in other room) Buy a thousand 
commences to chop at her hair, hit or miss shares of Davey Crockett. 
fashion.) MAID; The apples are picked, 
MAID: You're going to ruin your hair, Mam. Why Liz: Well, get that pic baked. Silver Screen will be 
don't you let a barber do that? here at three to take pictures of me taking it 
LIZ: At a buck fifty a crack? No thank you. ГП do out of the oven. 
it myself. MAID: Whar an old fashioned mother you are. 
MIKIE: (Climbiag down from tree and embraciag (Front door opens, buc dramatic beige neon 
her) Oh mummy. You're just an old fashioned lights fail to operate, as Mikie has pulled plug. 
mother, and lm thankful that you've raised me Liz moves snail-like to greet husband who 
in an old fashioned way. I wouldn't trade you stands in doorway. 45 minutes later, she reaches 
for all my General Motors stock! him. 
SOUND: GRAAACK! (Room trembles, and a sound is MICHAEL: I'm home. (They embrace) 
heard, not unlike a ratchet.) LIZ: You're wet. 
MIKIE: What is that sound, пос unlike а ratcher? MICHAEL: I fell in the pool. 
LIZ: They're jacking up the bedrooms so I can lie LI: What did you bring me? 
in bed and watch T.V. It's my big luxury. Со MICHAEL: The Hope Diamond. 
pull some light plugs out and dial some phone LIZ: (Squealing) OOOOOH! I got it after all! (He 
numbers now. tosses it to her and scales the tree.) I've been 
MIKIE: WHEE! (He exits.) thinking it over. That table does look like 
MAID: (Picking apples from tree) You oughc'nt co Zanuck. Take it back. 
let him use the phone. (Deliveryman turns pale at prospect and 
LIZ: Why not? He never reaches anyone. steadies himself against drapes causing Hi-Fi 
MAID: Oh Yeah? He bought and sold Jamaica Park to start up. Michael, (hearing applause) comes 
three times yesterday. out of tree-house to take bow and plummets to 
LIZ: Remind me to cut his allowance, Michael floor. 
MICHAEL: (Sticking his head out of tree house in top of Liz: I'm so tired, I think I'll tell the studio ГЇЇ do 
tree) Please dear, I'm studying a script! only one picture a year from now on. 
(The deliverymen appear staggering and МІКІЕ ( Toddling into room) You'll do three and like 
straining outside glass wall of living room. At it. You're working for me now 
that moment the hillside trembles again from Liz: WHAT? 
the bedroom raising. Charlie and Ed flee in NIIXIE (Smugly) I just bought control of Loews, Inc. 
panic, (under the impression that the Rus- LIZ: What a naughty thing to do. I'll have to spank 
sians have hic L.A.) leaving che lone delivery you 
man to bear the entire weight of the coffee MIKIE Lay one finger on me and you're on suspension. 
table. With a mighty crash he careens right (He leaves playing catch with Hope Dia- 
through the glass wall of the living room, hurl- mond ) 
ing glass like shrapnel and depositing the table 117: Bur... (She turns desperately to husband who 
under the wee with a thud. is no fool. He has painted himself beige, and 
LIZ: Nor there, you idiot! It goes over here by the disappeared into the motif.) 
ottoman! MAID: Silver Screen is here, 
DLVRY MAN: (Groans.) (Liz wearily puts plug back into socket, causing 
LIZ: Here here! You're bleeding all over the motif! beige neon lights to flicker on about the dra- 
DLVRY MAN: Im bleeding on my overalls too. matic living room, made even more dramatic 
LIZ: Who cares about your overalls? by the shadow of the deliveryman who has 
DLVRY MAN: I do. Гуе had them since I was 39 years old. hung himself from the tree.) THE END 
remember! September 1955 21 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION DEPT. 


Next. . d treat!...the kind of magazine reading that’s 
sweeping the country, where we expose confidential in- 
formation and dig up all kinds low-down you can run 
tattle about! There'll be lusty gossiping o'er the back 
fences tonight when you read the following skeletons 
we rooted from the closets... Forinstance... 


“I cannot tell a lie, Ра... cut 
down the cherry tree with my little hatchet..." Did 
he really say it? Was it a cherry tree? Did he 
really use a little hatchet? Who was covering up? 


This is the picture that the ones who are covering This is our own exclusive picture with eyeglasses 
up have wanted you to believe. But if you want to right back where they belong, wig removed along 
know the real unvarnished truth, take a good look- with false wooden teeth. Now decide for yourself 


erola at the picture to the right of this опе... if someone hasn't handed you the phonus-bolonus! 


22 


An irrefutable document. The 
signature: James MacKay, Bri- 
tish commander. Below it the 


signature of fellow British 
officer before he conveniently 
decided to switch allegiance; 
С. W. Washington. 


as he george? to use a popular expression mean- 
W. ing was he O. K.? What's the straight dope about 
the man who was allowed to lead our boys against the 

King of England? Well, cackle over this one: 

In 1759, who do you think appealed for—quote—"the 
heroic spirit of every free-born Englishman to attest the 
rights and privileges of our King.” A quote from Сога- 
wallis or Burgoyne? Hold on to your hats because it 
was our own G.G.W. who dropped those pearls of 
advice. And who do you think he was getting his com- 
bat pay from at the time Braddock was his top-kick? 
King Georgie, of course. 

Those are the facts. Add them up yourself, If one and 
one makes two it's clear some one is covering up the real 
facts about how the revolutionary war was won. But here's 
something even more sensational for you to snivel about. 

G. G. W. was no slouch with the women, While he was 
putting the engagement ring on Martha with one hand, 
with the other he was writing love letters like this: 
", , . I profess myself a votary of love... you have drawn 
mc, dear Madam...into an honest confession of a simple 
Fact . . . doubt it nor, nor expose it..." What's wrong 
with a little old love letter you say? Hold on to your 
tricorns, This little missive was written to George's 
neighbor's wife! 

Which all goes to prove how we, with our fearless inves- 
tigatory methods, can dig up the hushed-up facts on this 
man's life... which all goes to prove how we can dig up 
hushed-up facts on any man's life. 

And by golly, don't chink we haven't gor the hushed-up 
facts on all YOU out there. 

So watch out! 


They want you to believe he stood in the boat like this... 


WHO 15 COVERING UP? 


CONTINUED 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


CONFIDENTIAL INFO, CONTINUED 


Continuing our confidential information article...we next include 
the type feature that is always good for a leer or two... you 
know the type, it goes something like this . 


HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT 


1 The boys sent him out to barter trinkets and 
с beads for fish, fowl and corn... But (haw!) 
it seems that the eopper-hued Algonquin maid- 
ens (snicker!) were more his (guffaw!) dish. 


BED Copyright 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


What was Powhatan 


тарлаа: олан чт: vnam аз z 


coweresy ОР 
N. ¥, PUBLIC LIBRARY 


has been kept hush-hush until now. For 350 years, John 

Q. Public has been told that John Smith was rescued 
by a romantically inclined Indian princess named Pocahontas 
whose poppa, Powhatan, had ordered Smith's brains bashed 
our. But the full story that John Q. Public doesn't know is 
one that had the settlers buzzing from the Werowocomo to 
the Pawmunkey. 

We don't know what they called it then, but what 
we call it now is “robbing the cradle.” For the simple " г 
fact is Pocahontas ас the time was a tender, 12 years 
of age. 

The record speaks for itself in John's own handwriting 
when he wrote in 1618, ". . the King's most deare and 
wel-beloued daughter, being but a childe of twelue or thir- 
teene yeeres of age Furthermore, from his friends records, 
.. . shee was... not past 13 усагез of age. Verie ofte shee 
came with what shee covld get for Capraine Smith; that 
euer loued and vsed all the Countrie well, but her especially 
he euer mych respected." That's the way the record reads, 
and, even though it's hard to read because of the way words 
have "ез on the ends and the ‘v's are used for ‘u's and 
vice-versa, the sitvatione is uerye obuiovse. And what does 
it all mean? 

It all all adds up to the fact that somebody's been 
covering up! Why the very name, John Smith, is as 
phoney as a wooden nickel and is obviously an alias. 
It all adds up to the fact that John Q. Public has once 
more been taken! 


F or the past 350 years, the hottest scandal of the century 


d Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. а pen — 


CONFIDENTIAL INFO. continveo 
By George, ain't this fun? Our next article is real exclusive... 
While most articles are monotonously informative, this one's com- 


pletely uninformative where we tell you everything about nothing. 


Was Snow White 


HERE'S THE STORY ON 
THE HOAX OF THE CENTURY 
...IHE SNOW WHITE WHITE WASH 


$) REN 
45 geewittchen. 


va 2 | 
J RIYA со UTIS 
= unt 17 BOER 


и ie ſit bere baf 


fid) тан regen 


и Schtieen fonnte fie 


brochen fu: „Фи ate тй; 
wand anders, als bit Rinigut 


* ме ЛА bes 


Documentary proof. Неге is а photo- 
graph of the original "Snow White" 


book.Only she wasn'tsoSnow White 
as the title so clearly indicates. 


rc you onc of the suckers that got sold a phoncy bill 
A at goods on Snow Whire? If you are, and you probably 
| are, this article will put you straight. For years now, millions of 
people have been duped into believing that Snow White is 
the real name of a time-honored fairy-tale character who 
had à run-in with seven dwarfs, Acting on an anonymous 
tip, we've been investigating this story and have come up 
with some sensational facts, the most startling of which is 
| that Snow White is an alias. 


NIE 97 ЙЕН 
is Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


The true facts of the matter is that first of all, the 
name is not Snow White but is Snow Drop... Or if 
you really want to get technical, the name is Snee witt- 
chen... obviously a name of foreign extraction. 

Sneewittchen conveniently disappeared when Snow White 
and the Seven Dwarfs came along. 

What we ask їз... what happened to Snowdrop? 
Answer that, and you'll blow the lid off the scandal of 
the century, Obviously, somebody is covering up. 


FROHLICH? DOKTOR? 


DUMMCHEN? 


— 


BRUMMBAR? 


NIESSEN? SCHÜCHTERN? SCHLAFHAUBE? 


Realy Snow White ? 


Fiction: that it was a poisoned apple and a poisoned 
apple alone that torpedoed Snow White (Snowdrop) 


Snow White quite forgot her promise to bewure 
of strangers when the little old woman stopped at 
her door 


uy dear,” the old 


A second element in the Snow White mystery is the seven 

Í dwarfs. Who are these dwarfs with their obviously under- 
world titles of Dopey, Happy, Doc, Grumpy, Sncezy, Bash- 
ful, and Sleepy? Translated into the foreign tongue the 
original Snowdrop appeared in, these names would be Dumm- 
chen, Fröhlich, Doktor, Brummbár, Niessen, Schuchtern, and 
Schlafhaube. Now get this little bit of interesting info. 
In our thorough investigation of all the original 

| works of Sneewittchen, nowhere did we turn up a 


Fact: that it was in truth as well as a poison apple 
a poisoned comb and a treacherously tightened corset. 


öffnete. 


ach die Alte: 


bethdren ließ un Thür 
es den Kamm 


S 


gekauft halte, рт 


single Dummchen, Fröhlich, Doktor, Brummbar, Nies- 
sen, Schiichtern or Schlafhaube. I" 

Apparently, these seven dwarfs are imposters. Thar some- | m 
body is covering up the facts is unquestionable. That is one 4 
of che many plots going on around you day in and day out as § 
we have proven in the past six pages is also unquestionable. 

All that remains is for you, the people to do some- | 
thing! Act! Form groups! Write your congressman 
But mainly, go kill yourself! 


ЖА ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


FAIRY TALE DEPT. 


THE SLEEPING BEAUTY 


as told by Ernie (Pierre Ragout) Kovacs 


Being that Mr. Ernie (Pierre Ragout) Kovacs и а very so- 


phisticated type story teller, he does not hesitate to revert 
back to his native tongue in order to sophisticate and en- 
hance his tale. In other words, he sticks in them furshlug- 
отет foreign expressions making the whole miserable story 
impossible to understand. We are therefore, including a for- 
степ language index and sending Mr. Kovacs back to where 
be came from.—ed. 


Once upon les temps in une petite suburb of Hamburg, 


around Germany, there lived a King and, naturellement, а 
Queen. They were гёз plus furshlugginer happy except that 
there was no slap of petite enfant barefoots on la cuisine 
linoleum. 

"Dunnewetter" dites la Queen, "Je wish we had une couple 
enfants." 

"You dites a mouthful” dites the King, "deal." 

"Је suis sick of playing pinochle,” dites la Queen, “Je 
would rather have «ne enfant. 

So the malheureuse Queen went for a walk ncar che royal 
stream. On les banks of le stream, she saw a fish gasping for 
air like a fish out of le lave. 

"Qu'est ce que c'est?" dites le fish. "NV hattsamatta you, you 
blind? I'm hardly coulda catcha my breath. Tossa me back 
ina da drink." 

So la Queen tossed le fish into the stream. 

"Hoh boy, fresha air,” dites le fish. "I'ma coulda breathe 
again. Atsa better than Vick's Vaporubba. Anytinga you 
wish. Maybe a guesta shot ina Ed Sullivana's audience some- 
a-time." 

"I desire,” dites la Queen, "une petite enfant." 

“A bambino,” dites le fish, "atsa pooshover. When you getta 
back inside-a you castle, looka ina kitch'. Riverderci/" 

When а Queen est retournée to la castle, she find la petite 
enfant in la kitchen. 

"Chaud chien! Hot Dog!", dites le King, now nous give a 
party!" 

"Perhaps we save deux bucks or so by not inviting le whole 
furshlugginer neighborhood," dites le King, “so nous will 
Just invite twelve bonnes fairics, Le thirteenth fairy is not 
so much on bon looks, anyway.” 

Toutbody in le castle was trés excited. Tout were getting 
ready for le big affaire...ordering fine garments to wear. 
Le King was perfection itself. Cashmere jockey shorts... 
Robert Hall Robe and a sceptre once used by King Farouk as 


une table knocker at Е! Morocco. The Queen wore ane gown 
so daringly 4ar-cur that le King pinned une corsage on front 
in case Earl Wilson was coming. 


Soon the time for le big affaire est arrivé. Les butlers put 
les twelve soup plates raus for les bonnes fairies and the 
court jester oiled his teleprompter. 

Then let fairies began arriving. La Queen met them at а 
porte and there were the usual exchanges ... 

“Well, Queen, you certainement managed to keep le 
figure.” 

"Oh, enfant looks just like vows, King.” 

А “Haven't І seen that sceptre ls before?" and so 
orth... 

"Before l'affaire commences,” dites la Queen, “what kind 
of presents have vows-all brought the kid?” 

So each of the twelve fairies presented their gifts... The 
first gave l'enfant beauty... the second, intelligence... the 
third, a tip on a basketball fix.. and so it went Just as la 
twelfth fairy was about to give her gift, la porte flew open 
like an exit door at a Burlesque nid and in clomped fairy 
numbaire thirteen, 

"Wharsamatter avec with moi?" she ditt. Whatsamat- 
сег... Je got bad breaths or somesuch? ... Je ain't hon enough 
for you? I knew vows when vous slung schnitzel in le Brau- 
haus. Okay, Queen, je have a gift, too. When your kid est 
fifteen years old, she's gonna stick her finger on a spindle and 
croak, real morte-like.” 

"Oh, King...King...say something...say something!" 
dites la frantic Queen. 

"Whatinheck is a spindle?" ask le King. "Burn ‘em all up, 
anyway, whatever thcy are." 

Just then la twelfch fairy dizes; "Је did not give my gift 
yet. Je cannot correct /4 thirteenth fairy's bad wish but je can 
change it. When the enfant is fifteen years old, she will prick 
her finger on a spindle but will not die." 

"She won't?” smiled la Queen through her tears. 

“Whatinheck is a spindle?" asked le King. 

"She will only sleep,” dites latwelfth fairy, for one hundred 
years. 

"Merci, but, dires le King, "can't you make it ninety- 
nine or something and put the extra year in the Jackpot? 
How about benzedrine?" 

"Sorry, King, that's la way it has to be... whattya say we 
get on with the chow and drinks." 


a-vec (ah-vék) Fr. prep. With. 

bam-bi-no (bam-bee’no) э. Special version of the beaney 
cap with firecracker substituted for propeller. 

bonnes (bün) Fr. adj. pl. plural of bon (fem.) good, 
cui-sine ( kwee-zeen) Fr. n. kitchen. 

deux (dérr) Fr. adj. & n. two. 

dites (dée-tés) Fr. v. said. (he said, she said.) 
Dun-ne-vet'ter (dün-ne-vet'ter) v. The act of wetting one 
of the female gender; as, when you pushed her into the swim- 
ming pool, you Dunnevetter. 


28 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


en-fant ( en-fóng) Fr. u. child. 

est ar-ri-vé (ayt ah-ree-vay) Fr. pr. prtepl. has arrived. 
fur-shlug-gin'er (fur-shióóg-gin'er) expl. Much the same 
as farshimmelt. 

Ham-burg (ham-birg) ә. A broiled chopped-meat sand- 
wich. 

Je (jér) Fr. pron. sing. I. 

la (lah) Fr. def. art. fem. sing, the. 

lave (lähve) Fr. v. to wash—i.e. the drink. the water. 

le (Lér) Fr. def. art. mar. sing. the. 


you read it in MAD 


TO WO OO NO NO ONE NI NITE NIE NET NIE 
PIII III NII III e 


The Prince rushes to awaken l'enfant because il voit cette belle fillette, endormie, cette fillette si jolie, d'un aspect st 
ravissant, qu'a sa vue som coeur est frappé d'un amour passionné, and mainly she's snoring. 


Fifteen years later, l'enfant est walking about le castle 
mumbling to herself..."Now what was je supposed to do 
today...” Just chen she met a little old lady with a spindle. 

"Oh, can je try that?" dites l'enfant, And soon as she did, 
she fell down in une deep sleep. 

"So THAT'S a spindle," mumbled /e King as he, too, dozed 
off. Soon, everybody was falling asleep. Les guards... les 
chambermaids .../4 pedicurist (slumping over her cuticle, 
scissors and emery boards). 

Forty years later, le jeune prince rode up on a white-on- 
white horse. He entered /e castle and walked about... Every 
body was sound asleep. Suddenly he came upon l'enfant... 
"Hey, not bad. Je will kiss cette sweet patootie and wake 
her and so forth." 

Just then, he looked up and saw иле sign which said l'en- 


fant would sleep one hundred years. 

"Hmmmm-sixty years to go, dites le prince, "Je will 
wait. 

So he went outside and sat on the steps for three score 
years. Le prince was all ready for la kiss as he had aged 
considerablement and was now pre-puckered. 

Le prince hobbled up /es stairs; his old legs creaking avec 
le effort. 

"Hmmmm boy, why did she nor fall asleep on la lawn,” 
grumbled le prince. 

He finally managed to get to l'enfant and gave her la big 
kiss. L'enfant's eyes fluttered ... "Who... Who kissed me?" 
she ditæt. 

"Je did,” proudly dites le prince. 

"Pheaugh! What have you been eating?" dires l'enfant. 


merci (mercy) Fr. expr. thanks. 

moi (mowah) Fr. pers. pron. me. 

morte (môrt) Fr. adj. stone cold dead, 

nous (nóo) or (nu?) Fr. pron. pl. we. 

pa-too'tie (pa-tóo/tée) n. Collog. A very small potato. 
pe-tite (рег-сёег) Fr. adj, fem. little. 

pheaugh (féyawgh) excl. & interj. Same as Blechhh. 
pi-no-chle (pée-no'klé) s. An agavelike tropical bromeli- 
aceous plant (Ananas sativus), with rigid, spiny-margined 
leaves, the fruit consisting of succulent fleshy inflorescence, 


remember! September 1955 


Qu'est ce que c'est? (kess-kuh-say) Fr, abbreviated way 
of saying what? 

Riverderci (rée-ver-dér-chee) It. Sal. goom byes. 
shnit-zel (shnit-zél) ә. [Teut.] One who absconds with 
or snitches. 

temps (temms) Fr. u. pl. times (once upon a time). 

Tout (tóót) Fr. pron. everyone. 

trés (träys) Fr. adj. very. 

vous (voo) Fr. pron. pl. you, plural, as in "Hinky-Dinky 
parlay voo." 


29 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


AWARDS... 


H ave you been noticing what's go- 
ing on nowadays? Have you been 
noticing how all kinds of awards for 
entertainment are being given out by 
magazines and like that? We of MAD 
emphatically believe that this is a won- 
derful and noble idea because it stimu- 
lates interest in the arts... produces а 
desire for more creative perfection 
is in the great tradition of fair-play and 
private incentive . . . and mainly it's 
good publicity for us. 

Knowing а good thing when we sce 
it, we of MAD fling ourselves onto the 
bandwagon and into the rat-race ro give 
out awards. "Aha," you might say, 
"everything has been awarded and there 
is nothing left to award to!" "Hoohah," 
we say, "not so!" As a matter of fact 
the hugest arca in the ficld of en 


А! к. Ў, 


— à f 
ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


tertainment has been totally ignored. 

As we all know, television is now 
taking up more of our timc chan any 
other entertainment medium . . . right? 
And as we all know, television consists 
partly of commercials . . right? And as 
we all know, television consists mostly 
of commercials..right? Draw your own 
conclusion...which is, obviously, that 
what we mainly do for entertainment is 
watch television commercials... right? 

And so MAD herewith exclusively 
awards our "Alfred E. Neuman” statu- 
ettes to the five best television com- 
mercials of the year. And on the fol- 
lowing five pages are portions of these 
commercials, the first of which is that 
crazy Goldsmobile commercial where 
you see this army of cars going by like a 
flood and it goes something like this... 


aly 


Yes, sir! Here they come! The pg 
latest models of the new Il 


Notice the smock quiet riding 
of the new muffled rockets of 
that new | et engine 


Nc 

4 
> э 
2 


E А 2 A 
Cy 


Notice the different models . .. 
N the ‘Guided Missile 88. the 


Notice the imstantancous aC 
celeration in response-to the 
lightest touch on the pedal 


These models are imported 

from the finest model agencies 
i N Goldsmobiles. 
j * 


E — 3 
AYING. 
©з 


And notice che suce braking 
power that brings you to аа 
имат hairline STOP! 


| By George! 
| We're riding 


| гоо close! 


opyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


The Dialtone Soap Commercial, a new 
approach towards one of humanity's 


most vital problems thar must be solved 
if our civilization is to successfully en- 

aw a rd 2 dure, the problem of tty wwr. And here 
is how this commercial goes... 


VONT STARE 


* À 

As you know, friends, during the day our bodies 
are coated with bacteria, much like the figure 
on this blackboard is coated with chalk. 


ZZ It's this light film that makes people exclaim,” HOO 
BOY! LEMME OUTTA HERE!" However Diultone 


Yes... Dialtone soap the 
soap that’s shaped like a black 
board eraser... works wonders. 


i 


And Dialtone soap is inexpen 
sive. When your cake is used- 
up, don't throw it away. 


| 


| 


1 


Now while most soaps tend to remove bacteria 
. they remove only some, leaving a light film 
of bacteria on the surface of the body, like this. 


2 
ialtone soap removes everything on the sur- 
face of the body, like %, and works wonders 
especially if you've been in a chalk fight! 


Clapping it together with an- 
other cake of Dialtone soap 
А will remove all the chalk dust 
3, 5 Е vey 

which 
gul then settles 
I back on 
your body 
on and off # 


N 7 
) you go 
ر‎ J { 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


MAD Awards 


Folks . . . this tiny 
demonstration window 
represents the buy 

of the century... 


then for cleaning you 
+ snap out the storm window 
and snap down the screen 


and snap it out the other 


storm window! 


and the whole 
thing with a bonus 
offer of an electric 
power drill... 


...& combination 
aluminum screen and 
storm window 

watch how it works. 


„ then you snap in the storm 
window and snap it down,and 
you snap in che screen and snap 
it in sideways, and then you 
snap in the last storm window 
and snap it all together! 


niei» 
ar CA 


I'm losing my mind 
at such a bargain! 


The Storm Window Commercial. We 
sure hope you've had storms in your 
neighborhood. Otherwise they won't 
never, on your local T.V. station, have 
shown this fascinating storm window 
ad. which goes like this 


then in winter, you 
snap up the screen and 
snap down a storm 
window and snap up the 
other storm window! 


... first, in summer, 
you snap down the 
screen and snap up 
thc storm windows! 


then you snap back 
the whole furshlug- 
giner mess! 


„.. then everything 
gives a big snap 


.. you gotta have 
a mighty tiny 
house! 


Then again, if you 
order storm windows 
like this tiny dem- 
onstration window ... 


ЖИ ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAD awards 


Hello, folks! I'm 
Ed Hurlthehay 
and Га like you 
to watch rhis! 


tion of tooth decay in his 
tory because of this. The line I 
draw on this graph proves и! 


Not that 1 know what this 
graph means but don't it look 
official? And isn't this a dandy 
television effect that makes it 
look like my finger is making 
the line? ; 


mula, 
and here's the way it goes... 


... Anyhow, 
do you brush 
your teeth 
once a day, 
twice a day, 
three... 


this finger 
keeps writing!) 
Even if you 
brush once a 
day! (Got to 
shutoff finger! ) 


Gargol 
forms an 
invisible 
shield 
around 
your 
teeth... er 


...don't go way, 
folks. I'll be 
back in a jiffy 
after I've 
washed off my 
finger! 


rgol, that sto 


E Haw! What pro 


tected them 
from getting 
wer? 


Now, as I was 
saying about 
these clinical 


By 


| Golly.. 
tan 


right 
into 

that 
invisible 
Gargol 
shield! 


TheColgrate Dental Cream Commercial, 
By George, you're in for a treat if you 
havent seen the commercial advertising 


this invisible @ 


„ shield made 
of Gargol! 


f 


( hey, what's 
going on with 
this finger? ) 


MAD awards 


Perhaps you want to cover a 
bowl of leftover halavah. Well 
here's a simple way to do it 


Grasp that corner before it 
sticks to itself. There, that's 
easy. You've almost got it. 


After removing your roll of 
Sarong Wrap from it’s con- 
tainer, very carefully unwind it 


Now simply tear straight down 
along . . watch out! Grab the 
edge which is waving free! 


Grab it! Grab the edge with onc hand and hold the roll with 
the other hand while you hold the corner with another hand! 
No! Better still! The way to handle this is run! 


The Sarong Wrap Commercial; about 
that cr. llophane with a secret for- 
mula ( ol?) that magnetizes it to 
EVERYTHING! The way it goes you sec 
hands of this girl, hidden by black vel- 
ver. Meanwhile a voice says 


Be sure you don't ler ir fold 
over on itself. Watch it, now 
Watch those free corners! 


For Pete's sake, don't lec go the 
roll! Watch out! Ihe corner 
is Coming round ag 


ped and ready to put away sos you 
can't absorb nasty refrigerator odors. 


END 35 


Th 


бурчта 2 
5 
a“ 

8 2 5883 8 
25:0" US 

u 
8 8.8 8 88 
v пБ ial 
Sua?” 5 
© с. c 
S Ma 
zig е 
SSR ¢ 
88 888 
Sa 3822 
2 3 295% 
ау 222 
< газ" 
в © 
423597 
Saugo 
2 88 8 
JÛ o o = 
2955234 
2. oot 
о “sp Bm 
Вя 5а c 
Q 5D and 
= BEE 
n © 
favs ае 
.چ 5 فة‎ 
2. ы 
зо 
238282 
. > с ‚© 
EJ „ч عات‎ 
535883 
L 8 8 SRF 
. 8 U a LC 


NEWSPAPER DEPT. 


Apydiu зәәш yI, ‘stuunpng Burpy aya jo (ПД пошито) 
urunH әң) wung oddag sayy 'oureg Isae] soy Bunep 
woa} pata-Addvq «ЦФЛД vuooA-***(i222224110Q) ‘YS 
E310] ради £5} asnes, впотапзй ag "Яй әгэшә Аула 's2Á ци 
sua A SUT ar [р Any uado 03 y22 44 «ар uosio g ppuono N 


„| Хоцу 946, оз xij тор 2ogjoxoq ou: Винизовв $pat017) 
K °“ $9512 A 37 % 1001 ut пето [51219 mou sry ЯшрипЯ 
зазш 01209 а ц e 2q 0) Яшрѕпу S ригф uo зуотц 
WL °°° pa [a prus-piu v 104 s pins ц (itua uno ino 
302 [[NS әл,поА pi 3) азипочод съ ÁN 1 по) шшс *u7-7t7 
рик 20W uot Of „SuapAoyy Че, шә г) ul AM „е 
SSIES puuuno 
*Sui03 IIN * * * Өолцыәцлор чим Jord anak шолах а uzis 
от POOM H utr SOFIA оешлә oq p ° ° * sogmurar Cui 
ur в Сроця 1 әш lay Sq одит (rose 
uaos aa Coup AY) шатд 3t) uo имо ma, dary 
nuuog BL 94, ^O0[J., оолоцявтия og] sr opua нәт SIH 
“Ящазища т 10J пмо ut mwy FURAN ° °° KAU? ipt 
уон Вип, 284, ору" * * моце 21321» pow pio sy] чо 
*saroo^ ро 211 *pueq aouep имо sry ушозр оз чоу ед 
шолу ur Juma oppprperunq аеапшоца sung 
:90uu9ur рол aq 01 ломяшу ** * zz; An «Aum ‘ќрамәбару 
ey *** 00] шош s, uo[repg ‘rodea jee ғ,әҹерит:я 
совед inoqe Junge] juod 829X9IAOW]*** (3222 
-впалауу) ° ° ‘I t aq Amu poog sey ou oup ^C ° 
«uoo p * 7 * ojos лоу *Án ium * * * 2801328 Apqussod 
до“ 3866918 10 OCOTPE'ZS JO rd г лоу nun 
un w spucy unde о} uonrjS u0) puriy лоу 
907] * * * ;;j$9229ng jodxovf v aq p[noo jeu moys в seq 
xung sanf wesoopueq ‘HHO апош(ов pur пән) 
АН Sadus <q 502 jeuomppe цим *urojsqog 221 <q 
эшо рашеур uo posuq aq им [porzoo[ede'] ,.*2ovaq pur 
Au Ae, ur pea Furius 20у pouzis ezuogey snin( 
éii PIEL 38 IBLE 
аці зе Деми spursnou deme Smuain si ip »jopy зори 
Bums moys spoo-pue-szied Aipaor-sos zu idoy drg, 
apdarentsy oxi SMOYS asau uo umop Stun uin) pur syy pjo 
19430 250 pur 2iradsaxvüe J[UAA 201 шпар 211 Яшә doax 
Saquasmoys emg мозй aya Хел ayy әмр в ифшр 


Axxo aqq 2E 72077*s2[q02) [r10 in a, 
on ЭшАюФ MON '* моця 2094409 чим заето, 
S.A. ше 10 ордо) чорлор] ләшлоу әу SƏH *** тил 
од UO әли әјеці juam dan pue ays хив sting) "чо 
-Чәд шозлоца, Ацчпц-хә шолу ois urys-uoovve Яши 
-UNIS в ur panes этчил) WAJ :aoutpogeans уин? эц 
pauoꝗq uq) ** шпиорадот aug 2827) әрлеу uoquo 3 
jo 3uruodo eyed aui 20] $8234 Se] 0) цәкоә е VIA 


HAOR OZAN и T 
odur A) ләре 


101 
ud 


pullo зедошво 9441845 0j заоц pug 31 out OUI} 
-Клола Зип әле Aou әш s[[o? JEH pu? eingotd pes 
AIDA V SI 3] „'әАдроо3„ ѕивәш prym əsəuedef ш 
„ивзчва, uiu оў mo sjea pue yop ayy оў u«op 
$908 әцѕ os ‘әшоц 10J YO surzajs ey SB упо pouugd 
ФРАЗИ Ләләи P[NOM әЗеіллеш 91] вмочя әц mq dA 
11135 SI ay su.Tea[ ous јәәш Ao] UDA 4939] `ләл01 
-uq aseuedep YNI в sorniimui eus OS алор JOYS St 
drusop]eq Sty pug 700 вувола дем в aur, 5103 3noqe 
jnq PACT ut цер Aen] os1noo 
JO пейер ut рий eyst в spu 
оц aie diysayigeq в Jo woor 
лепод ou; ut uevül&os в SE VƏS 
0 soos pue әшоц шолу Av? 
вита OYA вцешо INI] 91979 U12 
-)89 AA 9UIOS шол; Хоц UEOLIOUIV 
un jnoqe sr 91 “поце st 4018 
ew] зецм Jo 1818 ufinoi в әш 
da 07 pur 11 зподе Це әш 103 
0} euoudo[»] ay} uo әш poj[eo 
оц pue ѕләопрола учерчодерит 
oA Аш 10 ouo st Aou? ри 
«вулея, pawa виоцопосла 
зсетедг 103 auo eseuzcvf v Suisn wy aoyjoue 
yga dn awo) pu по sde? Surquiq ary} 3nd savy 
sioonpoad juspuedopur oq AaueH jay рие MLI 
ләр (ен Jey} FOU 02 вшемддпе FOU st 11 06 Wolle; 
оз S190 èq рпом әләц Те} рәјәәйхә oq оў Аро 
SUA и ощоход ayy 48 orjsvjuej чеда pur 3urmos 
unde ¥ ролпувет q10q елеч yoya „Чподоупа оше 
“PRI, рие „злолсем BAOS,, ат SAUNLOId 40 

5842018 аа, H3LIV— €21snany'qQOOMATIO 


SdINSYVd 'n mni ^a 
dug Зипоочце иу posen 


„ A408 эш IUU AN oe 


A3NVH TIW 


[us uoddiy puy Ход uvotoury 
gi EIL, ДКА SL, 


Алофс 2۸07 тгризт, 
:5зеицойв роом/Аоң 
x ССБТ ‘EZ Duy sen] 


IU ДО Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


22 788 
5258 8 
FETE, 
Stag & 
с5 8 3 
BE S 
TEEF 
E > 


ju 


spring of information... indeed our 
edge that we so eagerly turn to... like 


ient 


column, a Lovelorn column, a Doctor column, and a Horo- 


umns we present here... a Hollywood column, 
scope column, all gathered conven 


sule by that intrepid reporter RERNARD SHIR CLIFF.—ed. 


зо uw о 
GSS 382 
T PET 
2 
dista 
$E: Не“ 
SEBRS: 
883 8 
SETS 3.8 
388228 
ет: 828 
Као RS 
SE w 
5 SERES 
S2 38 
Bee IT 
MEE 
gas 8 
29 2339 
> «8 3 
асг 8 8 8 
F 3 38.3 
2252 25 
„ЗЕ 8 8 
HER 
Ae pee 
Boece. 
55 c 
a a 
EEPTEE 
дава E- 
88 2 8. 8 8 


104 әләм әлә *s pao 
in зпоц ив penn p :*([7) aun моллошој neil. 
"S Mp Ap зе suodo yayan apop UO Яшыл 
1582j2u08 Ашлу ooseyoos ay *,:5227] IUIS., 40 
Хем ayeu [pt wurnapaoj[ouis poSsop-19)€ A *o2uvur0] 
jud s,nq?ruoj jo вв yooume-diys oq иж „| Сочу due. 
:udoq ooy pug: ** GPL 1) "pos sen an a 
Aus а И е" wowofdsyory 10019 ur yipp pur дема 
ye dn рәү вфео 1y81a-4qamp sv {Aru yey pas204 opddy 
Big IL °°° puooos поцр yfo sry ‘pyy оц aq [pra 
Sutppo y *uo[qo A urojs10q |, 9suods-xo рэм-әл 0) o[qq04) 
чоор asnods цәйр [[ous *[njyssa2ong sp попейтитйв 
3J ‘urede 3uruonv2oA sey] opqqua4) вол" Вия 
Бот әпи әч вә [po тем ләрподу ++ Aqeq v sap 
*** (лодоздиоввен „рпа Хјәтевес,, Bp pune) at 
Ol 5,2998) soxavyy (КодАЩАа) нем ap 0] завод 
грозд uopuo' е wey әуеш Nog ur ра” 
qsniui opp әц 'zauy ysiuedg** aye fj zou] 'u0201107) 
гори A wvsrueds әз tusnau p, 2901777 друм 282g soy Зи 
-peaed-inp цгы p, ystig aya ‘punqioyy u321nvIN °° ° (saem 
эці әш торао) ззициш с̧р ui jino q-Cu2A p, ә зе no vag 
PD ^ aopidsn? aT ae ut ше, Buryoed (2361-3023)04. эзәши$ 
PUL) әтрріртшпуа zeqnuoug ° o 9115, 03 5002100 әз 
0204 изп срарр av syy oui Fusen saryoey Avaapeosg 
Sy IY MOU awos цул DOAN! pjo uv , sodv jo [oq pur 
oN, 10 эшем дошпод s, ezuoq ve] вица zo] org ayy 
ijijumá[oo sup ut at peas под *oquuaum , 434 moy 
oym Яшидувалуа 10; з0й82и Avg YIM то INO ШОД) SEAM 
[OP! A.L WYA : омор, ш ферикзв 352:10]H °‘ * PUES «ров 
N (Aoq4v|q) [APY pur 45323duossvE] viroun?) °° ens 
ap засош ү ;sÁpung Aus ] па гад“ i een due 
ud 0) 302203 оц Kang aynurw зъраур UJ °°° una 5 әзм DAY 
isay aya ut dn pamoys 1зшодвпо 2uo JON ‘apisddoy v ano uan} 
и 948 ој {ко uem porounpg-poor) YT, OW! (урус 
шъца 3100: po^o[d 21104 VOIL EUT 23/7] SI 219 MONS °°° 
ode says v[dno» quounsede soy ur резр wry 10 20$ ** до 
Зицооз s! ало sare] 494 Aes J5s2d42puty vjausuor) fo DA 
Dp ums 
WAY 1? 940] SEA и iu, : “ON AND ү поошләпоц 
әці uo 9149 мои рив dn ләц 9694 ou 191g ‘Azra 
9401 LUY y HN 18113 :400p Zurs[oAo4 v ur pavaqaaAq) 


t saipa puey Suruuud a1, nos mou pur smoys Zuruuud 


эл под 18214,, "or1ussoadur aq paddtub дни? nog. + 


«Апәцәй v Ang oseo[d nod uoy, SMY- Buur эц 
jo 9uo рәшцм ив, ‘am panode pur s Apur|g jo mmo 
ound syRsoopyed seng 31q any 10 ouo usya әлуќвәц, 
‘IS HLF 911 ро 1иолу ut spfoued 3urpos хыз vurvap мола 
A314 s, umo] ano юцәпп :вәед ano шолу sorey 

i ii pnu spo12 ano 
-JPS 01 umo аці Zumos st зеца [едіѕпләз [vo-ri zin eu ayy цим 
qi әш v jo o[e v рец 421 31219 „Хоцу dug, 10 pe 
asep 20 r2 OF Арива зпоц ue еҷ dn pauanga (Ava N gt) 
1A2 "S Щур әш зе uoto req pu зе заизиш 
Sp wy apu ләлә го“ шооф-әәр-ә|рр!1 за: xew 
[rw дос put 1999jduossv]] viroune? png Аїә!$$е5 * 


теле ‘hM звеубттуи тат зи Фолътет тъ Зет съез» stela a caw 


ві RAS 6 
SIHA 32190939 593011010 


"6t Fed uo ponunvoy 
3noqv 3urnpKaoAo Kpdurrs әш роз 
Sey рив Aou siy} 5рив}здәрип 
bann ‘әзиешоу pue rug 
JO попволо 90U37 0} рәўоләр S! ар 
== POY SOM $1029.1(p PUB S1039 
SB aNerneur ратмоз S[Pap: suces 
343 axey you op A[duuis ‘AyQ Bom 
MOY apeu OU 'sispis?n() 


'Sutzioq o[qno.r 3€q] s42pisamo Калтай 
шоршүу jo ajdoad uog^ Аро Sr 41 чедолатъ ploy | sy 
"войънлавш poo 
-ХЦон mo jo uus ey} uo yarus € лолцъу оу цопш рр 
pux sərvə шүу лэч poxoai^ jedu ootAp? Aut Яцгуәй you 
ur 10149 ог ел LOY 8U} әш p[C] IDUIS SRY әче "out шолу [voz 
“U00 оў PITA} GARY ләләи p[noUs JYS qotua 2xv3stur [QT € 
sem тшту vddng IUJ оў әйеылвш )91998 19H ер [GUT] 
-ошә ләц рие 193189 JOY ur a IPJO виглает лоу zus 
-злащоз snopuguta jo Teed в uooq A[[€94 SYH HV 2A SIHL 


* * * 

*Хчошәтәә o[duuts ay 07 pazur Яштад за? sojdnoo omy ayy 
Jo Spuarty 9509 «го Тод роом цон ayy зе Зисррәм a[qnop 
е ur Avfxoo' VINET sorzieur BINIG oui ours IYJ ув 304 
-ZUM TAVAM 21032941p NAU Адавш ик ays әш 51197 4sjoagt 
рит spuoarntj jo 3594 aud [1118 Әле ома IJJ, “лолтошоф tutu 
ѕәәлолІр Фуз элојәц лезвпфцея запад чул saddns pame] 
v 9A€q 03 игейв 300 U3U yet рив оцац Avs 03 Suo A se] 
woay ut pouv[1 jooysue], ÁSIA *5400q SIIM OU 19021 
рәшви итш з pue IDYO VIPNET Умен ULA 'ptiio] 
BU], “изд руесод әләм зацидоро snowey ayy јо 3524 
oq 94243 мтѕ ү FIJUG SNOUT} ayy JO мар V JN әләм 
зофйшм IEA WPAP Madu рив аахед zzoy ‘Vod 
30 Jay? st fem ot Kc CUM Kino J910 гоцод “леда 
S3AAAX ‘tong Хейод Yoojsuny 4Asjeog сроомепон и: 
Sat1r1qe [92 1uourutodd эле oya зризтар p[o 10U JO Se[poo раил 
-ul ри 43124 v олъй ous gyltu sun 'oureu соц шолу} ssn 
JAIU p[no^ пол цхпоцит Oud S! SI IHYHO ANNOAA 

< + 


гемещохо оц 10] SyURYY pue ‘л 
-NEI ‘и0!3%[п3213100) “Bury. [vat 2U si eonag 40 
AAO] 13U әзїїїдәд дало иц} лә!ййец sr aus s&vs ays 
Aou Mq uo YIM в з8задеш 49ULIO] TOY MOJE 
NIIS 3511 пода sey INET `рәјәтрәлӣ ү sv ери uo 
4iojsnqg[pg snug Lireu оў 2904] $1 YS os регцешу 
uoeq jsnf sey чолеа [О ugorXo]N Əy} EJSIA OYI 
-цоеа UOT әэлол1р Joy JEY} ABS 02 вейод SEJ UI04] 
348ти 35] әш q3NOHd3T3I AYIXOOT NWT 
* * * 
"ap SIY UL La}}0q цар ләләц вец ay әш 
зцәз әң со рехищ в 5914015 0441 I4} JOS quour vd 
-зр des ou; ш 5184444 әцу моцәшоѕ pur әпәй 
SNIT в SI ӘѕӘЦ JO BUY „ji 4103$ ә8рцоогу ULO 
IUL, PUB , quo BIg IU Tapuy,, dn ustut оў заддеза 
ax Зшулом әле KAJ ALIYM 801рпус̧ впоцооцор 
03 SUOIPNPOA une шоду uvo[ uo st әң 'ououc 
-9[9] OY] чо әш p[o] exepguwaq UOTE 44028 әј 38 
nei 01 peu Ae т 'put[uoo.s ш ддашешед ULI 
І Suosves 3591514 2U? JO INO N338 SWH SIHL 


» * s 
*loaurodoc її ino u Ru 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NEWSPAPERS conrinueo 


поца 23e gig зе nf әли nox ‘89U 
213 Jo S11e ye зподе qun оз Хер 4no& st 
SUL ' (83 `3Чә5 0) zc Hav) ODIA, M 
1ё:01 32 uado s100q | MOST Y. LNGIH 
oid uaajsoA, утәлй SYME Ainjueg 
UIGI звиш , Cod џрэјос/алт ‘nok ye 
цәәдәв эцу цо judi зрайшев (xnorg 
за әйилтѕ 000'00 AA H S£ Хишиводав 
: | umop цер ipm под ph 
VI] | ‘muy andsaa оў улоу Хишалд 9uj волер 


dea | GHS st dsed [пм под e 
| 24) | Bd #229 ричо SUSY JH SB [uu 
сом | Ui ЗЛ Cuns-yes-14) SMAOT 


pauoyd ayy 
> SAL | aossum чәлә u poq uf 43l1 SS 
j&umuo 38104 апод по USIA з,ир| пода 
sty под fep т yong jSunuos 303 пой Хер 
и yA ‘AQ [5901017 303 типцок) Uyg 
под (Az Аар 03 са ог) WAINVD 
dus "ашо и! Aes 0} pasn Aou Sv "атола 


{ NOAM f P24 ‘Яишлош ayy ur ouop ивмочш! 
ssau | JurmpAue 392 oj Алу, uwap по ло} 
ә SABP jo зѕәд 343 24 30и ABUT SIU? “и 9297 

P | здет "(те surf оз та Кей) ININID 


за "gius v Чум 
әче | pom ay} 39932 “Agpo, Зигыншув Ire} 
оќ | мои в ало uin {дәўз®; pwoue dun 
-}әЗ ou әл,поА ашо» ACH елавлейоод 


at OF pue яшиъеш-Цем ЧпрЦац ‘Appuatay are 
PIES | под "(02 ABW 02 OF idy) зпнпур 
ES; ‘dn з! 


„А | NISL 214 pe ‘3q yug, 9219099 19930 
сум SZuivap anog aog juorogouoq Are 
-109450 aq |t uoo 943 Jo uonountuoo 
1008 | аці, "(6r prady 03 Tz WIE) SANY 


зло 
ден 3282412 ү 
nq и} Or odan KFS 2q1 [1 mou THY AK, 


sn | ‘oH|jo4s3 Ag 


Gf fed so ponunun Pom 


use wy dunooqs 

"HORAM ар 40^MJ Кш әли ү 1 

vus риз 2400 ypa NI d 
вари 

pood в sea jt pies oq pres ays рив 

ninjouoyy лој згодредйв sey ш 

&joqeipauiur Злато SEM ays wiy 

бу Fud шозу ponunuo) 


Aye: 
aoe 01 
sn р 
По» ou 
NM el 

8 
ano Б 
ut Гы 
eu nm 
ово т 
eu 33 
osn ee 
пе „ 
sei" 
ES д 
RW i 
әң, am 
ino ud 
“qc x 
> Ди 
pur ва 
941 "d 


ouc i ag 
L8. 
"t se 
"WC 
oq 


шопо 
Suwq u 128 WU 304 зәшо] үто!рәш 
эшо oux [ mg Atay JON “ON 


HWHMSNY 


*oseastp зшовацува| Среда 19470 
әшс= ло wutmopztsoa yngsnd 
зподе Burqqawos Avs osvo[d под 
pinoa uuns дпо^ Jo дорваа 
Ir ni € ше [ SIM *£) *£) 
ANOSaHL VO! 
EL 


Kip 1099 м uj fmf оф Ki], onw оо; 
Bumu JO кашо» Wy +} Siu ooseauo 
Ow! Suyusny „ pray snot KINOM 


UAMSNY 


$9943 UM “развой 
-u03 Яшшоов4 әлт вуцйпоцъ 
Аш овгу "дооррардош з sey рит 
ue utu n3 st 929] Аш uo urxs 
əy} pa210 әл,] 1011 очу ut 
Buo Коте :99]HA^ ‘YH °7 
G3'LLLONK 32V 


то уа д nos OF әдјару AW mo 
“Hae KDA 24 имә мача, Фапошозо ү 


намвху 


¿siy Bur 
-впво 8! ЕЧ AA “BATJOWIOIO] В эх! 
‘save Аш ut Zurpjsiua роо е Aq 
pasapoq пәәд элец | uou] IUIS 
"морша sasin ue jo jno 
aurez pray Аш pounfur ү ойт 
1 в зпофу SNAM qv 
SUVA AHL NI ONTILSIHA 


== qns 0966 aw —— 


DIADY 


S. 10000 


3 1 
aqn 
элә, 


оќ їл asnpars 
EGA p °° spurt 
в 123 оз Nuit 
pring оз un 2t 
г 5282 Apoqdur 
02 D, pain 
^r pur |njosn 
1 10> at 


Allrd 


frenn] 
сәшш! 
v Apmis 
q 211 


i8) M 
seq анд 
uaas aq 
uj 0995 

ишо 


ing 
TIVA 


азла 


/ 


РИ e uonoog 12U20 


29 WIJO OL „ASAN 
pue лең шолу umg e[qqng 
элошә 0} NOH,, 61-99 PPLA 
99) 40J LIXTA SSI HIM 


"sdoyo au ш 
auo wy 3194 X104 3,usaop 38U 
И SSIUPUIY Зи1ло| гоцовл4 am 
uou ә} jo s3urnp AP 943 
ut 3594 цоподут Ino moys әм 
WU SABM[E ләдшәшәл оў 421, 
"MOIQ иломагво SIY ацуоошв 
oq вл999ув рив edid =ч 
ші fuig ; мола U.I0 M92 sty 
peujcours nod sary 1812448 
pur edid sty wiy зуйпола под 
ALH jasnods inoÁ 10J ввди 
-ритя pur ало Виделдувиошор 
Jo quod в арвш no oouis цоза 
и sey Zuo] MOH ‘ssoupury pug 
зло Чум 31 38 улом увпш под 
qusAJos Ацвчодошг швшал 0} 
st diyssouqied ano& и pue pres 
19,JO JAVY | SE dtus1ou].ed € st 
овеалъш "Це 19373 Aung 1no4 
Ap[grzied oq Хеш әдізәвәр под 
qoa ueber sry Jo 8шцсоо 
mis 5193 sdeysad yng "1940 
A|mugep st шоошАзиоц ayy 
999] $,9JI^ sry ogur шп әдат 
sių вод usu в uays EU sn 
Це ззввотоцодва : HAMASNY 
"A egen 

Spins 3y} uo st E ul 
ano цвеш sty} Seog '999j AW 
ut 3811 wns o[qqnq sry sdeus 
zu чәчү PUB und SSI 03 aX] 
asojo pear dn 393 1 [[ Ses 
ay wry abou 03 ү uou рив 
asnoy au punole Ae] $t $90p ay 
пе зла ѕѕәцләриәј рие xf 
SSIpy Wu BUEN рив JALIY 
zu Sunod zs we ү зпо Bun 
N SQABUI SI мвпш [NJ Eq 
axi] 3q 03 posn 31 3801 2Ветаавш 
100 $t u3inou; әш вә1ддол уви M. 
‘qof в хор Яичоо| o 03 о) 
ed },uop n рив uo uorssaadap 
9 St 9190 2U в1оф OY ве EU 
риъзвларип ишә ү зпа əsnoy 
ay} риполв sXe, snf 2H 


"себт DUIS 3.104 јо Mo за sey ay удпоф 


u svat o^j-AquoM] лој 1oujedo, A 
в aso o2 Fur BABY І рие pueqsnu AW :LIXIA SSIN HVAC 
дама зокамота «я 


una e[qqng smojg esnodg 


dey Aaa поза 


t A 


EDERUDXP tpg NO MONIN ++ 


ЖА ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Zn 
LET 
| 148 
› Adoo 
CENTA 
1001 
dul 


uni— 


ме 
20245 
oh 
11 
TES 
suini 
4) поч 
р9әр!= 


oxi 
че (а) 
пацие 
o ino 
4ns si 
poop 
| чов 
303 Ag 


Tm 
чеда 
рив 

1 no& 
{өл 04 
8 pres 
ed ? st 
ano 
nos 
1002 
зло 

$ ou 
inq 

sn 


1$ 


Iv 
pp 


+ «44 Mu. 
-ovnsip йал Ао 
‘woy 2[nsdi» чого! 


я ruppoexo ВЕ 2204 uo panunuoy 


Ay jo виз 318 


aid E ou! эле sradudsas 194 оз *103294tp әглош әц ‘одилу 
j de pot ләзем рәиоцәјәд ous роолА [oy 03 


Ховд 108 ays цәч A “BATA 0? PEY ous 
ви ABS j,Uup[noo zzoy mq риәңдәл\ 
ay} ло} A9[[VA yI оў qno pouvid 
эрт 7203 рит prio вицеча, 
"293394 FUTHOO] wy Usas J9A9U MALY T 
рие ртәц sry uo suo € Яисвам [1138 
Stay 1099 3uruurws ou, озш 3uzra 
әлолр ay ‘pensuj ‘WOU JAIP оў 
Avo Sty ut 303 pu зов s,zoy 3€ SUM 
dy зуйпоца ay моцешов pur Hand в 
BULLI alam a[22v)] ZON pue ay "Ava 
-alp umo sty ur учерозе әрдошој 
“NB 3[QL149) S,49944 SB] Jaze шеяв 
jnoqe рив dn sr 'e[doad әјлолеј 
Aut Jo auo st oym ‘Яиолуѕшлу H 

* + 


pa4episuo» 


(uf *o3eorpuág soanj 
“Bag Арзецо Aq poinqrasH]) 


„ 81829 
Aw jo 3nc Яцішо2 sour ore 
949u) әш Яищез sdoox pueqsnu 
Ky, 13921414 ОЦА "A "X ‘SIN JO 
51 | эвзә әца зеповр Цім Т mosto 
O цицлащо Srorxou Jo Яш 
-цувалд ayy јцәләлӣ оф Burigas 
әлојәд pojeos ANNAN әле smop 
“MIM 94} 371] HINS XU SÁvA 
-V 'sesvosip Aueu jo peords 
әчү Ul вполайитр Адәл S! Arv 

WIIN LLNIH HLIVAH 


noc 1,цор Ayam ‘ato MG 40M suy 
99 unq WOH ;чишро› имо sjy awy 
unf, ns :,иѕәср Sym rug Og 
8,24 Jp ‘әш uep pq ишицоз лозгор 
ч un: uv) p jug) punos [no^ 
^" j> 10] w mog имә Кадъ amwen 
waf xul oym шәрап [rorpaur Хисоҳ 
WHA 4uw шозу djou ou quA sivas 
лор 10; 10 Чил Aq joe aay рим 
„зхп4,, cg posnvo тым wry чум зауинш 
Mq EVA YM EYE мацу әл уо в SV At чүш 
# И ‘Flot ouv; qn oawstp Mou Кләлә 
10] Pumu HOM JUR яшщошпончищц 
MWujudwa| asum оз awî PARU TUPI әдү 
„te., рим „PMG, ex n тром 
экп 3upip am jooqos [мә:рэш OF 3u»^ | 
uaa Hiomsun agi Ци moug оз зшээн 
PH apup ano& qww NOK 1,цор Kus 


AA ASN 


48143 urejdxo nod изо ‘suor 
-1риоә 3Otqoigwuw 33:418 дәрип 
dəy s: YIM 297] eur әтешті 
ut А uo алц UBD yoya aqoadaeum 
озваццо UB sr sr[[jovq oq] шц 
-nj03 jo sosvo Алвшрао ut 3843 
s&es ризар Ки SMM ^g N 

s5na 


"jom ano} үүн wi ursi аш IIH AN 
pou рад м aq ип! лиш И“ 4 


gE 239d шозу ponunuoy 


(Punai KOD FUE A eost N addo] 
“DAN 'ozojq зоуо}бирц>оц "эш 44960 
«Pasy 40Ч5-Биот Asdo pjo % ‘onno 
5i 04 $-W 19/4009 203 30g puos ‘nok зс} 
Apop odso paspdesd утрзолод pozjpoucssog 
[DAPHIPU, з,онцециз 30 дао? под 404 


* - LI 
[3242 3noqz тору раса 
-10що UOOU омама ув puo ug 03 әшоә 
ша ppiow ay} јлеҷо ano O} Zurpico 
-әв ‘S| »|qnoa? A[u() *Ávpoj s:noá 94 
Ш лору parks pue padom зл под [pe 
‘paguem o, no |[V jmouy мәлә upip 
nod олавра pjo vou в шолу 000'000 
-18 pue ‘2407 *звәзәп$ ‘ueg j sur 
-Адәлә шл оў Яшой Sa, not Хер 503 
s: Херо, jsaostg ÁXxon[ под јәәмом 
"(G1 qoae y 3ncqv 03 de) SADSId 
"виаър an ил\олдә им 8890018 pum 
pIoq ag 'sasnoy Яшаозче лој Kup pool 
в st Херо, “(SIME ou) minuor) јо 
әѕпон 34} рэләзиа sniienby ‘UY [o:g 
зү "(6L denn 12 "uv f) SQIuWADY 
bad 403 
AUP peq Адәл т әд ім молдоо} 308 
zung Aq рәр әле Suon:puoo une 
Ssa[ur) dun € Jo pong st ays nq uroo 
-udeg UM 3uor 9d Адәл чеда seu ту] 
ваза "pouaosouos әли ssaurddey puw 
yeay o4d9u^ »z:iuuozo оў Алу Jou од 
Gesung 03 sung) мынау? 
годофавя [пуләәцә 
вәшоо әшоц [nJro»u9 в шол “SAU 
qe ur ратар рие увзи ag ‘suededsmau 
ро qq ped əy: aut оў arns aq “ейва 
“ABA 91] ING XE} OF дер ano& St SIUL 
“(таза с $8 Samens 
jive san 
sod p ut Juq—3utpaoun pug [njojsv] 
“Sip зпоподоцош Шэәз л, X40 Ae 
uou pio Aude в рик гише в чим 
Arpo; uag “Aparisod Buryuryy jou 
au, NOA 9sng39q = 493 зад Хшридип ‘pny 
-ƏJSBISIP 'snouojouotu sumas QOF INOX 
"(ода € s&ep »AU '6-6) OIdHOIS 
глаг ‘Ча on isya ‘auod 4884 


330 та 
wem 
"unod 
; {шәш 
paap 


* 
"вигоха 
‘uongo uo вдоцотдайха Susie Arey 
Sty jnoqe Це әш ououdo[o] 03 Pem 
j,up[noo рит yya 38v] EJU шолу 
dued в uo ur pouvid snf 'azoonp 
Od загечоциш 944 »Зпн purjo 
зен ui 
dU} FB ома лоу әче} е зе роувов 
0104 *10]9941p Iaou 249 '3[oqZiut A, 
IVA, PUB aus 343и jsw'] ‘әшец 
теч шолу 11 ssand 1oAou ром под 
уцяпочит 'sossorjov UBLI] 91L1047 
Аш JO JUO sf доогързвеа вот 
: шоривел зв poddwugs 
‘dOOMATION NI SLOHSLOd 


AdVH SLO3dX3 


'9jt« рәйиел1вә stu 'a[zzvap zoy 
шолу вйитродоол4 aoioarp 0424шщоз 
Пел изд araya Aupanjgeg uo sta 
зет оз qno ouv[d ayy su o[dnoo / 
«dey 243 Jo рпола oq ито put [WU [fof 
BUNU} [әл ou pu? 109۸2103 9AO[ в! 
31 mouy [ OWI} SIU esngoeq uozmoy 
Твпоцошо Aur uo әд ләлә pra 94943 
оцм иеш cjuo BY} в! əy рие 240| 
ut A[doop әле 9A, “APAISNPXe эш 
р[07 Ys PUO Кто эца SPH», "ХӘН 
uga рхъмоз SAulpoay |виоцпощо dau 

LE әЗей wos ponunuo?) 


ш pur 
apd pr 
sew 
питам 
* uoods 


ЖА ДО Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ЧАА МУ 


эло год . зс и го “your под zend 9143 8] ‘sjou Яш 
Dam UVI 2шАГЧ Kan зори по -yeanbs renad в ро 93103 эц? 
oXunjd pur wan ois эчу оў шаар К 8 car Saye, mq VLUYUOdWI му 


Uu uny Viqr AV рооз [je до) 
зчерцәэѕт oq3 ші за? здәўтш [BOUT 
ла (г 390 04 gg 1995) унят 
‘SAAS 
рюлу M, noA 274; oxi OF pings 
под “dn on оз suiZoaq ләҹә ро aya 


a[31n04] Хит әш at zou заор 3] 
‘Paru Аш ur QUT] JO yunon is 
-вэохә ue poorjoóu oAvu ү Zutads 
Арно 92UIS.:59]L1« дози 

ITAVN NI LNIT 


"Вицриеу pug a3e3sod 
2 10 1800 49409 Q 0014 WIM 
4 13,3230) "лойодзмом siu] 2, 
“изм 5811 0) adojeaua рәввәлр 
-рв-дов 'padurejs v pues ‘Ados 


A» 949 Фо 999 999 


: Kiri во 
d O 
inn 


ЕЕЕТ КО 50 : 
METRES- 


you rcad it in MAD 


40 
Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


m 
( 
1 
7 


23 


THE STRUCTURE IN THE FOREGROUND BEING THE GUEST-HOUSE WHICH ACTUALLY HIDES FROM VIEW THE LARGER MAIN PART OF THE STRUCTURE. 


house SINGLEHANDE 


Er A 
М 


re you the type person who sits around all day reading 

home maker magazines? All day long you sit around 
reading how fancy your house should be, how you should 
have scientifically arranged kitchens with built-in steel ovens, 
with laundry centers, with picture windows, with bent wire 
chairs, and everything should be neat and modern? So while 
you sir around reading about this all day, your own house is 
one big SLOP! Naturally, you feel the big reason you don't 
have those aforementioned things is money. Well... what 
we have to say might comé as a shock but our answer to you 
feeling that to have a nice house you need moncy...our 
answer to you 15 

You know ... you're right! 

However, take the example of Babs and Blanding Counter- 
sunk. In spite of rhe modest income Blanding made with his 
ice cream wagon, the Countersunks, tired of cramped city 
living, decided to build their own house. After much calcula- 
tion, they decided that by careful budgeting they could just 
make it. As a matter of facr, what with the savings on labor, 
etc, they could probably come out ahead. As a matter of 
fact, they would probably zake money on the whole deal. As 
a matter of fact, chey stood to make a fortune. 

In any case, the following article on how the Blanding 
Countersunks built their dream house on a modest budger, 
singlehandedly and by the sweat of their brows, will perhaps 
inspire you to do the same thing. Then again, perhaps it 
will inspire you to let well enough alone and be content 


right where you are. CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 


remember! September 1955 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DREAMHOUSE continueo 


PROPERTY AS IT LOOKED BEFORE THE BLANDING COUNTERSUNKS STARTED WORK ON IT. 


S roms iem ` РР 


PROPERTY AS IT LOOKED FIVE MONTHS LATER SHOWING DRAMATIC RESULTS OF WORK. 


SELECTING MATERIAL WITHIN BUDGET, MAINLY DY SWIPING FROM HOUSING PROJECT. 
42 


Hght Steps to the C 


THE OLD KITCHEN in thc 
Countersunk apartment 
was badly designed, crowd- 
ed, difficult to work in. 


Tired of the wet smack of the garbage 
bags in the back lot of their city apart- 
ment house, the Countersunks finally 
made the decision that the only way 
to get the kind of house they wanted 
was to build it, And so, scraping their 
savings together, they bought, at a very 
nominal sum, a piece of land for their 
very own in a nearby swamp. 

The next problem facing them was 
time. How, as well as working on his 
regular job, to find the time to work 
on the house. Since Blanding put in a 
lot of overtime on his job, especially on 
weekends and holidays, he couldn't 
work on the house hen. Evenings were 
out of the question because it would 
interfere with watching television. 

Second, it took so long to get out 
to the land that by the time he got 
there, it would be time to go to sleep. 

The solution to the problem was 
quite simple. 

He stopped siesping. 

By avoiding wasteful, time-consum- 
ing sleeping, Blanding Countersunk 
managed to squeeze in a whole extra 
week of work on the house every week. 

Work was started on the foundation 
without delay and the building went 
according to schedule. An important 
fact to note was the Countersunks work- 
ed singlehanded to the farthest possible 
degrec. This was their greatest saving, 
since your biggest cost in building a 
house is your labor cost, union Mor 
being what it is. Remember that next 
time you sce this ‘scab’ Countersunk 
peddling his ice cream. 


you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ша (АУ : 
THE NEW KITCHEN will have 
to do this way rill Babs and 
Blanding can afford mod- 
ern kitchen equipment. 


LD HOUSE, BLANDING SUCH 


5 * 


pi — = - 1 
TO вш MASTERS SPECIALIZED SKILLS AS BRICKLAYING. 


In spite of the fact that.the Counter- 
sunks tried to avoid hiring labor and 
unfortunately for the budget, an осса- 
sions expert help was consulted. For 
there are certain things like well dig- 
ging, bulldozing, blasting, etc., that the 
layman cannot properly do without call- 
ing in an expert. Like forinstance when 
they had to call in che doctor. 

Rotten luck for the budget when 
Blanding fell off the roof and they had 
to call in the doctor. 

The interior of the house was where 
the dreams of Babs and Blanding Coun- 
tersunk really came true. Babs was fin- 
ally able to have a kitchen with all the 
fixtures placed exactly where she wanted 
them...all the utilities exactly where 
she wanted them... the wood closet and 
the water pump exactly where she 
wanted them. By George, you can't beat 
them slick indoor water pumps that 
come right up inside the kitchen next 
to where you wash the dishes. 

And so Babs and Blanding Counter- 
sunk’s house was completed... built 
from the foundations to the roof tree 
entirely in spare time. In twelve solid 
years of spare time. 

And now their hand-built little 
dream house is really complete and 
humming with occupants... four fam- 
ilies the Countersunks rent it out to at 
a tidy little profit. 

And what of the Countersunks? 

They live in a spiffy contractor-built 
ranch house shown on the first page 
which Blanding won in an American 
Legion raffle. 


— а 


PICTURE WINDOW THEY ALWAYS WANTED. GLASS WILL HAVE TO WAIT TILL NEXT YEAR, 


I. 


7 END 
COMPLETED DREAM HOUSE. IT ISN'T A VANDERBILT MANSION, BUT IT'S ALL THEIRS. 
Die case NS eI SC uc 6 SM пре ао аъ RR ee C ZO an Uo (c i NM RR t 
remember! September 1955 43 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


EDUCATION DEPT, 


The following piece was sent to us along with grammatical corrections by a MR. DOODLES WEAVER which we print with 
all due reverence to the author.—ed. 


Tie jaws A ET 
Set, Your Rage 
- = f 
fe fr eL a T - * 7 4 
Fs да | Fourscore and seven years ago our " fathers brought. forth on 
t fag iy att — Cayo / 
dn this continent а new nation, conceived in(liberty, and дедзойева, 
— — 


. 


— ч 
Сена С 
— d 


engaged in a great civil war, testing Whether that nation, or any 


to the proposition that all men are) or reated squat. Now- we are 


(3) 
nation so conceived and so, dedicated; can long. endure, Ява are net 
— — کے‎ 


on a great batter reid of that war. ne have come to. dedi sate a portion 
Pa. Р 

of that field as а final rest ing-place Yor those who here . their 2/77 

ell 277 Ae ў, peal ed 

oes ж. 2 


proper that we should do Wa Тен in a larger sense we cannot deaieate, 
2#? 
we cannot consecrate, we cannot hallow this ground. The brave жа, 


living апа dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it ES above our t 
Е vig tA 
power to add or dotract, Tho world will Little note, sor zong remember, "EZ f 


dfe ten | 
Zur "YA Tee e 
what we say here; but it can never forget what зву did | nere, © pps Lg 


Рр "Дй 
ao АУ * * 
є It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated, here to the unfinished 
^ rag n — 

| жогк which they | who fought here have thys oe so nobly advanced. 
gy ра) 
КУ, hack | it is тг rather for us to be here. dedicated, to the great task remaining 
“= ALLL GO / 


ан a 


before us, that from (those) honored dead we take increased devotion 


22 P = 


to that cause for wnich they. gave the last full measure of devotion; that 


а . we here highly resolve that (these. dead shall not have died in vain; 

PES, Malian 8 
feet , that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of £reédom, 
C - 


28 4 and that KE of the people, by the people, and for the people, 


shall not perish from the earth. . 


Zaa pty hint ., 


tie ap . m тр “ле 


ENGLISH 2B se. Та 


A. LINCOLN 
i STUDENT UNION BLDG. 


you. read it in MAD 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Have you seen the television show from 
that famous night club where the celeb- 
rities crowd 19 88 0 rub syeb alls 


7 А Ы * 
IN p 
уд 


П 
A 
\ 


A nd now we want to tell you about a television show that 


we believe fills a very important function ... The Stark 

Club show, which is broadcast right out of New York's ele- Well, It's been a trying day, Ала Ros are 
gant Stark Club. Just think there you are in your dingy Ё Shirwin father. In Mr. Smith's our foreign 
living-room with the peeling wall paper and the wash hang  # ere how polo class my pony fell c language 

ing around you. And although an unfastened spring sticks was school ™ and broke his leg and classes? 

you through the sofa and although a bit of falling plaster ЖЕ today? they had to shoot him. Shall we 

hits you on the head, you forget all that as you watch The They shouldn't have modestly 
Stark Club show, (which can be difficult if you don't have ES. shot him.. even speak a little 
a television set) As you watch the glamorous goings on of фи though he was an French, Shir- 
the swank Stark Club's refined, discriminating, high-type inefficient teacher, they winetella 


customers, you forget the wrerched existence of your miser- shouldn't have shot 
able, clod-ish, low-type self. We believe that watching this ; 
show will in time become one of our basic ways of life 
much like the Ramar of the Jungle show. In any case... for 
those of you who haven't had the opportunity to catch The 
Stark Club, che following is approximately che way it goes. 
As the program opens, we find our host, Stark Club owner 
Sherwin Billingscheck seated in the intimate Cubscout room 
with his daughter, Sherwinerte . . . billed modestly as The Star 
Of The Stark Club Show... who as usual, fondles in her arms 
а baby pet animal (tonight an imported white elephant). 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 


remember! September 1955 


STARK CLUB сониноо ® 


Oui, Papa as Comment t appelles-· tu? Ё L'homme est en 
tu manpé la Merci! Moi, je me | train de boire un 
fenêtre demain? porte trés bien. tramway. et toi? 


A quelle 4 In other | I keep telling you No let's 

heute les words... you got nobusiness J switch cam- 

Dodgers de | go home! hanging around eras and see 

Brooklyn? форм here зо late! After what famous 

7 all my dear... people are 

Stark Club, in the 
Shmark Club, this Sherwinerte 
is still a saloon, | Suite! 


And so we switch from Mr. Billings 


‚.. next, the Bedney Flunts, pitchblende and at the next table, the billion 
check to the Sherwinette Suite... ah... 


heirs. They are having (do not fear) aire Fledncy Bunts...Salk Vaccine man- 


. and ar the next table, Myron Cow- ... at the next table the Budney Flents 
znofski, track repair flagman enjoying enjoying (fear not) flaming potage 
а box lunch with two hero sandwiches. Parmentic— 


46 you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


And so our camera jerks swiftly away to range o'er the dance dancers but mainly Юг covering up kicking out of Myron 


floor of the Sherwinette Suite where the Stark Club orches Cowznofski And now we leave the grunting throng and return 
tra breaks into а lively Mazurka for the delight of the to Мг. Sherwin Billingscheck in the exclusive Cubscour Room. 
ie ay r * 7 B ; “aaa |" 


D ~ L DE > — DR 
scuse m B Pardon : 
elbow! * Ü 


Some famous placc Our first ensemble aan by the table 
I got here, huh 
girls? Huh? Huh? 


Oh we have 
Shall we } famous 
finish people at 
our drinks ® , our 
first Mr. 2 

7 


Well now... § Well, 

you famous # Do you $ famous 
models go like the celebrities 
on next for way we A come here 
our fashion fixed our в from all 
N 
ё 


са bles 


Й Billings- 
check? E 
я «< 


L cheese! = Quelle 


СА heure 
WY Зу Æ esr la 
РЕ « = 


Now shall we go 
on with the 
fashion show? 


show. hair Mr over the 
Pi Billings- world. 


check? 
cheese! 


} А 
ES porte? 


in filmy haze with misty 
of smokey fog passing by the- 
> MYRON COWZNOISKI? _ 


And now, a spiraled chiffon, shirred” Next, a dream in swirling lacey burlap 


at the applique with a haze of же Passing the table of the pee А 
passing table of Мг. & Mrs. Flentney. ing ah) flaming Remoulade Pfui. 


S^ p) | 


6 by EC. Publications, пс. , Y 


AL STARK CLUB = ^ = 
z " 4 — 


— —— — — d » 


& Waand while the waiters slowly pry his fingers loose, we switch Miss Gledney Dent in a stunning slippery silk dress ejected & fis, 
again to the Sherwinette Suite, where the dance floor is straight up in the air like a bar of soap. That's enough of i 


morc jammed than сусг with a famous people. Ah! there goes the Sherwinette Suite, so back to Mr. Sherwin Billingscheck.: . „2 f 


Now, Barney Whv these are Here we have a photo of the Van Flentneys who arc 
Flent, famous f However, Im | photographs of about to partake of (do nor be alarmed) flaming 
singer ... be- appearing in famous people Allons Enfants de la Patrie avec un Meatbolle 
fore you sing a technicolor who were at 
for us, Td movie which | the Stark Club 
like you to wonder if you | yesterday. 
look at these. would care to 

come to! 


a ваши 


And here are the Boontney Ah. . here come your order... E And in this photo, having a 
Fents being served by Maitre Щ а pungent chafing dish full of | BE savory dish of Bagelle et Loxe 
d'Hotel Michel Au Tulle, deli- BB (donot be frightened) flaming & E avec de la Crème Chez, are 
cious Chanel Nombairefive! B! Tentraclé Octopoisse sautéd in $ the well known Blints. 


Oxé гайе rassélle sauce. 
лз ома o 

My movie 

4 won't open 

till next 


you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


As I was saying ... this 
famous Stark Club of mine 
turns out the most stupen 


dous ( please do not panic) ) 


flaming dishes! | ; 
* ue 
If you want to. 7 (4 molon 


On the other Well, our And here in this photo... by 
hand, 1 famous flaming George, haven't they gotten rid 
think you'll dishes are of that Cowznofski chap yet? 
want to buy always spec- : 
tickets now. tacular. ( no 

need to be 

alarmed.) 


know there are - 

. А xd 
still plenty of 4 One) 
good sears left. ^ 0 


And so, it’s time to leave the Stark Club and take one last has happened. Our last glimpse is Sir Flentney Blent sit- 
look at the gutted Sherwinette Suite where che dancers are ting ac a table . . . the Gentney Woonts sitting at another 
and... NGOGNGOGNGOGN...MYRON COWZNOFSKI! 


remember! September 1955 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ROGER PRICE DEPT. 


|. 5 


Dann 
DRY 


ROGER PRICE 


adwice to 
young men 
on how to 
| get into 


the army 


Profusely illustrated by the Author 


We habe invited Mr. Price to write another helpful ar- 
ticle of advice ... indeed we have invited him to write а 
feature since we were so satisfied with his first piece in 
MAD 24... satisfied mainly since we don't pay money. 
Mr. Price accepts as remuneration, our old doodles 
which he turns into Droodles.—ed. 


In this space I'm going to attempt to solve certain of the 
problems that face Society (and you). And as Mad is read 
by many Young Men of army age, I should like to take up, 
in this second issue, the problem of how diese Young Men 
can be sure their application for membership in the armed 
forces will be accepted. 

Some people may tell you that it really isn't difficult co get 
into the Army. These people are Wrong Thinkers and prob- 
ably unregistered foreign agents or members of the C———t 
Party. It ¿s difficult. I know from personal experience. 

The NEW, IMPROVED Army is becoming morc ex- 
clusive every year which is understandable when you con- 
Sider the many advantages it offers. Let's pause a moment 
and consider them. 


ADVANTAGES OFFERED BY THE new, improved 
ARMY. 


(1) First, of course, the Army offers every Young Man the 
chance to defend his country, preserve our American Ideals 
and gobble up plenty free food at the Taxpayer's Expense. 
(2) The Army offers you a chance to learn a trade. You will 
receive expert instruction in such highly technical skills as 
the Operation of the Flame Thrower, How to Detect Land 


Fig 1. (Types of Helpful Sergeants) 


5 N. N. N N 
WEZ WE WE FF vv ` 


Warm hearted Sgt. 


Friendly Sgt. Understanding Sgt. 


Mines, How to Bury Snipers and When to Bet Against the 
Dice. This information will be invaluable to you when your 
period of service expires. Especially if you re-enlist 

(3) The Army offers you companionship. No more cating 
supper all alone. No more lonely bathing. Or toothbrushing. 
Or anything. 

(4) The Army relieves you of worry. You will find many 
non-commissioned officers who will be happy to assume your 
responsibilities, The most helpful of these will be Sergeants. 
You will find five basic types of Helpful Sergeants in the 
Army. Illustrated in Fig. 1. are these five types for future 
reference. 

So much for Advantages. Now for the Problems. Of course 
there is no “sure way" you can gwarantee yourself against 
rejection, but if you prepare yourself beforehand (by reading 
this excellent article) you'll increase your chances 400%. 

Some unthinking Young Men, before appearing at the 
Induction Center, complain about obscure backaches, stick 
ice picks in their ears, jump from bureaus and flatten their 
feet, or take pills that increase their pulse, and in so doing 
these Young Men unwittingly render themselves ineligible 
for service. Avoid these pitfalls. 


SOME PRACTICAL TIPS. 


Upon arrival ar the Induction Center you will have to fill 
out a Qualification Card which has space for information 
regarding your name, age, weight, Parent's name, Educational 
Background, Job Experience, Bathing experience, Condition 
of Gall bladder, Attitude toward Binomial Theorem, Opinion 
regarding Piper Laurie and many other classifications too 
indecent for me to mention here. 


CONTINUED ON PAGE 52 


Motherly 5ш. Fun loving Sgt. 


30 


you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


0000 0000000000000 0000000000 000000000 000000000000 0000000 VA 
FIG. 2. MAN BUILT BY ARMY = 


00000000 
{ 


mE NT 


IDEALISTIC 
EXPRESSION 


CONCAVE SPACE Gs ESR] PLASTIC HAIR 
FOR FULL PACK ON CHEST 


E RETRACTABLE ROLLER 


SKATE FOR TRAVELLING 


УУУУ УУУУ DADA een 


000 000000000 000000 000 0000000000000 0000000000000 000000000 00400000 000000000 


ON STOMACH 
— 
че CREASE IN = 
BLUEPRINTS — 
= 
SOLID STEEL SHOES 

WHICH DO AWAY WITH 
OLD FASHIONED — 
Drawing of Experimental Model D /774, air cooled, food operat- == 

ed. Including a heavy-duty base and universal joints in "arms" = 
= to facilitate rapid saluting and/or cigarette butt retrieving. == 
— 
EUR 


мл 


1 
ДА ДО Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ROGER PRICE DEPT. cownnuto 


Answer these questions honesrly and simply. Do nor at- 
tempt to lighten up the proceedings by inserting humorous 
answers. The "flunkeys" Та charge will only make personal 
and sarcastic remarks. (Lots of people would be better off if 
they had mote sense of humor). 


THE “PHYSICAL”. 


The Army attaches an undue impottance to physical fir- 
ness in keeping wich their slogan, "The Army Builds Men” 
(See Fig. 2. for excellent drawing of onc) * 

Then raking the "Physical" F found the so-called Medical 
Examiners antagonistic. Yoz may find them friendly. But I 
doubt it. 

Before taking off all your clothes in preparation for the 
Examination you will, of course, be required to take the Oath. 
The Oath is: "I a» not now and never have been!" 

(NOTE: If you are now ot ever have been, rry same orher 

branch of rhe service, such as the WAVES). 

After disrobing. your clothes and personal belongings wilt 
be taken from you and hidden and you will have to stand 
around for several hours in a room with three or four hun- 
dred other naked mea. In my own case an exception was 
made and I was permitted ro wear my underwear. Actually 
I was ordered to wear my underwear by an officious Medical 
Officer. a Capt. Carl Gassoway,"* who claimed that the 
laughing and snickering among the other men was bad for 
discipline. 


Eventually you will be asked to line up and will be sub. 
jected «o a general examination. The only tip I can give you 
about rhis is ro assume а Military Bearing, head up, shoulders 
buck and breathe 4s much as possible. 


HOW TO PASS THE REFLEX TEST. 


This is an important test and you will find yourself better 
able to pass it if you eat a light breakfast and stay away from 
girls for several hours before taking it. 

Don't try to speed up your reflexes by using any sort of 
stimulant. One Young Man of my acquaintance, Chester W. 
Fllik had lethargic seflexes and before reporting for the test 
he ate 45 benzedrine tablets. When rhe Docror rapped him on 
the knee with his lite hammer Chester kicked a Colonel's 
hat off. And the Colonel was sranding over 15 feet away. 
He was rejected. (however he was offered immediate em- 
playmenr by the American Ballet Theatre). 


HOW TO PASS THE BLOOD TEST. 
Bleed. " 
HOW TO PASS THE EYE TEST. 
Cheat. i 2 | e P Tx 
GENERAL ATTITUDE. | | 


During the processing period your deportment and gen- 
eral “actitude” will be under constant surveliance by the 


"The Army dues not build Women. Do nor write id comments or 
complaints aut this. 


This man should not be allowed in the Setvire. | suspect he is 
a member of the C———r Pa: ty. 


52 


p PR 
- е 


Acceptance Board and Феу will try to weed out the Young 
Men who in their opinion (which is none too good) will not 
make proper soldiers. Do not ler them trick you. Make up 


your mind to look like a soldier, chink like a soldier and act 
like a soldier. 


As everyone who has read any novels about the Acmy 
knows, rhe most distinguishing ching abour a soldier ts rhe 
fact that he calks dirty. Be prepared. Spice up your conversa- 
Gon with appropriate profanity such as “Geronimo,” "Poo" 
and "Criminenrlies", After you get used to these rather mild 
cpithets you can practice some of the stronger obscenities 
such as E——h y——ing, m-k, Z——ite and Таке a N—- et. 

Сега С.І Haircur (see Fig, 2). If you don't know a 
barber who has had Army Training or a strong stomach you 
can give yourself an acceptable G.I. Haircut at home simply 
by leaning too far over the sink and turning on the Garbage 
‘Disposal Unit. 

Also show that you are familiar with Army slang ex- 
pressions and use them whenever possible during your In- 
tervicws. Below is a partial list of these Army expressions, 


SLANG TERM DEFINITION 
Dough boy СИ ....., Private 
Applesauce Expression of disbelief, 
Horsc-feathers T 
Gook . "PTT . INon-commissioned officer 
Shiek ........ eee Soldier who wraps puttees nearly. 
Brown nose. Compliment pertaining to field soldier 

with excellent sunburn, 
Boche the enemy 
Pal! — type of aircraft 
Latrine bomb shelter (French) 
Chow lily wit Г С large dog with black tongue 
Lounge Lizard ...Shiek who specializes in romancing girls. 
Мен. 4 ed nd ; . .blind date 
Eight-balh ase esses ad р . Lieutenant 
Blithe spirit, bird thou never wert ees Skylark 
Pincapple ........Bomb 
Jolly tats cosas erm rem r Sle 
Fifty-four forty or fight ................... Rallying cry. 


APTITUDE TEST. 


Do not worry about the aptitude test. It's as easy as fall- 
ing off a log. As a matter of fact, that's the test. If you men- 
age to fall off the log it shows you have aptitude. 

If you can't fall off the log, you fall into a special category 
and will be sent to Officer's Candidare's School. 


CONCLUSION. - Е e 


Thats about as much advice as І can give you in the in- 
excusably small amount of space allotted to me in this 
magazine. However it should be enough to get you safely into 
Basic "Training. After that you're on your own! 


END 
you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


fozyess Gooznick | MOVIE DEPT. 
E And now, MAD reviews a picture which is an 
important documentary portrayal of events in 
a category of school life. 


THE 
af: BLACKBOARD 
ee JUMBLE 


YOU, CHIEF, THAT SOME- 
ONE MAY BE RUNNING 
AFTER ME? = 


The picture you ate about to 
see tells all about some 

5 school conditions and tells 

uctor about these school conditions 

In such a way so as to attract 

the attention of the public 

to school problems, sociological 

issues, and box offices. 


ALIAS DICK TRACING!” 
THERE'S MORE 
MONEY IN ADVER- 


TISING THAN COMIC- 
STRIPS! SO GET 


The above is how the moving picture, in class rooms, and in the school-yard. 
Ihe Blackboard Jumble, opens. This pic- On the following pages are pictured 
ture is an intense, searching presenta- some scenes from this type school life 
tion of school life in a certain type and what school life is like in the 
high school, showing the many situa- Blackboard Jumble so here's how school 
tions found in this type of school life, lite in the Blackboard Jumble goes... 


Ге 


A E 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
-———————r——————— ————————— . а E 
remember! September 1955 53 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


5 
M 


MATE 
(772, BLAC 


Vans, > Sa == 


AP. 
e^ ze 
FC 


AHA WE'VE 
CAUGHT 
YOUR EYE 
EH, YOU 
BEADY 
EYED 


RASCAL! 


if you want to 


BANISH BODY AROMA 
PROBLEMS AND LIKE THAT 


“Try “NDDDS™ tablets containing 
Gargol®— one of the most potent 
essences of Chlorophyll ia 


of the fact that people's interest in Chlo 
Led fast being replaced by Davy € rocket, 
we maintain that "NDDDS Tablets. containing 
Gargol (The essence of Chlorophyll) te in eem 
ally-Unlike deodorant sprays, mou hwashes, 
creams, etc., which Just disguise externa symp у У 
"NDDDS" essentially turns you into a walki g 
"airwick," deodorizing you and any Toon Ма 
happen (о walk into. Same beady e hide nddd fe 

icture here о 1 hide ndi 

hine ае рса your attention which В wrong » 
idea. Picture here shows how NI IE « 
Chlorophyll action works just like согор 9 55 
plants and nature. Yes—picture on this Bd 
green girl (unfortunately, ad isn't in color). 


Buy a box of NDDDS 
at your drug counter (0- 

ay. And when you try 
оу. first NDDDS tab- 
let. vou will know that 
this is only the begin- 
ning of ше NDDDS. 


*Wowee, Gang—I Wish Га Written 


Both These New Mad Books!” 
— Charles Dickens 


Yes, Charles Dickens of Mazzeppa, Long Island, is 
just one of thousands who have written in to say they 
wish they'd written The MAD Reader and MAD 
Strikes Back! 

Now YOU can join the fun! It's easy! Here's how: 
—run right out to your neighborhood news stand and 
bring home a copy of The MAD Reader (only 35c). 
Look it over. Study the pages for the secret clues. 
Then run right back out to 55 news stand and buy a 
copy of MAD Strikes Rack! (35c only). Now run 
right back home again— fast? Put the two books side 
by side and warch closely. You will scc that they are 
two different books! If they are three different books, 
lie down for a half hour and then try again. On the 
other hand, if they are two copies of the same book 
it means you haven't been paying attention. We'll go 
through it one more time, slowly. 

1. Run out and buy The MAD Reader (35c). 

2. Run out again and buy MAD Strikes Back! 
(Another 35c). 

Got it? O.K.— start running? 

(NOTE: Many fun-loving MAD readers have run 
out to their local newsdealers and then got lost tryin 

to run back home again. If lost, run to nearest mae 
box and send 80c to the publishers, BALLANTINE 
BOOKS, 404 Fifth Avenue, New York 18, N. Y. 
They wil send you both The MAD Reader and 
MAD Strikes Back! Of course you will still be lost, 
but now it will be fun!) | 


— TTT 


ЕЕС, 


—— 


СЕ 


— — 


Е: 


LA ogo 


2222 


252 


BLACKBOARD JUMBLE CONTINUED 


And that's how school life goes in the Blackboard Jumble. 
And although this picture dramatizes the evils of certain 
metropolitan public schools, we take issue with one of the 
basic conditions the picture deals with. 

The implication in Blackboard Jumble, that the teachers 
are not being paid enough, does nor ser well with us at all. 
So what if teachers get paid miserable salaries and have 
overcrowded classes So what if they have thankless jobs 
getting pushed around by delinquent students in run-down, 
dingy schools. 

Look at soldiers. 

Soldiers sometimes have much worse conditions than 
teachers . . . especially during а war. And they don't work 
for half of what teachers get. As a matter of fact, the soldiers 
point the way to solving the whole problem. For instance 
... to boost the teacher's morale... rather than giving them 
а pay raise, issue decorations... hash marks, combat ribbons, 
wound stripes, and like thar. 

The answer for encouraging qualified people to go into 
the teaching profession is also, by the same token, elementary. 

Draft. 

Drafting people into the teaching profession will insure 
a steady flow of sound teacher material and will create a good- 
ly reserve of replacements to fill the gaps left by casualties. 

Finally, it practically goes without saying that the very 
simple answer to the problem of controlling large classes 
of difficult students is this. 

Arm the teachers. 

There's nothing speaks sterner language than the business 
end of a 45 automatic... 

In any case, this picture contains an essential message 
concerning a sociological enigma created by the economic 
peculiarities of our culture . . . so naturally, we steer clear of 
it since it sounds like a dog. 

But there's plenty va-va-voom action to Carry you Over 
the "message" parts, so by all means go and see Blackboard 
Jumbic. 


Picture ends as hero vows that annoyance students have 
caused him will not stop him from going back to teach. 
мы * 


oa" 
OXYGEN N} 


56 


you read it in MAD 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MORE KENNT 


Our voice of business says SMOKE 
PLENTY PLENTY KENNT 


King size or Reguiar 
... both cost you the same 


With the first carton of KENNTS you smoke you will know these two things: 


1. You will gain assurance from the protection of KENNT'S Microproton 
filter which isn't just the cotton or paper or cellulose all other Riter cigarettes Q WE 
rely on. No sir! KENNT'S Microproton filter is a solid brass plug. 


2. You will enjoy KENNT'S light, mild flavor that stays clean and fresh tast- 
ing. Yes sir... while you kenn't other cigarettes, you ken еш KENNT. You 
can also serve KENNT with Група toothpaste for party hors d’ocuyres. 


ke GG CE beds 


When asked what you smoke... say "KENNT"! Only KENNT ken givc you thc 


complete protection of the solid brass plug 


... or maybe say "Only ken KENNT"! Microproton filter. 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


29 А PICTURE HISTORY OF OL’ CRAW Do 


Ulysses 5. Grant greets Robert E. Lee. 


DAVY CROCKETT TELLS JIM BOWIE. 


The famous generals genially agree that sur- - He tells how swigging ОТ Craw helps him grin down bears, patch 
render terms should include a ease of Ol' Craw. - up the crack in the Liberty Bell and be King o' the Wild Frontier. 


4 JAMES CRAW'S 
M 


Enjoy the whiskey 


of famous men eee 


The greatest name in hourhon — 
historic favorite of Ulysses S. Grant, 
Robert E. Lee, Davy Crockett, 

Jim Bowie. Capt. John Smith, Powhatan, 
Pocahontas, Christopher Columbus, 
Marco Polo, Attila the Hun 
and other celebrated figures of the 


¥ American past, 
Eh 
TN — 


a = 


"LOO ан 9 
POCAHONTAS INTERCEDES FOR JOHN SMITH. 


Pocahontas tells her father Powhatan that Capt. John Smith 
did not remember to take his ОГ Craw. Who is covering up? 


SHOOTS HIS 
FIRST REVENOOR 


TWO GREAT BOTTLINGS! 


86 PROOF AND 100 PROOF 
Kentucky Bourbon Whiskey 
By George, we'll give you 
all the proof you want. 
BOTTLED IN BOND 
Bond City, Kentucky 


Alfred E. Neuman writes a letter, 


Recommending to friends ОТ Smuggler and ОГ 
Grandad. No wonder he’s not famous like the others. 


THE OL’ CRAW DISTILLERY, DOGPATCH. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


