Ks А У Жз, eae 
TL = 7 М 
Em N 7 

№ c 


SJ 


JULY 19 


حح 


т, 2 
REU 
PPD PL N OPO LOO 


i p ui i a] Ala sin pis 


rr LOLOL m 
> - = 


у) 

ў 

e y 

"ml ү 

R ^ AIS 

д у 

ў 

у 

y 

у 

D 

у 

у 

M. 

v y 

) 

| ў 

у 

b 

у 

) 

Ub 

] 

) 

у. 

B^.» 

{ Ў 

) 

NIS 

“АЮ 

Y Y 
b Ја | 


E 
A JUGULAR VEIN * 


+. 


tal for you 


IS V1 


STHE NEW 
from the editors = 


to read and in- 


No, 24 * HUMOR IN 
е 


HEADACHE? COLD MISERY? 


Why wait for old-fashioned cold relief? Go Kill yourself! 


GET FASTER PAIN RELIEF WITH 


BOFFORIN 


Acts twice as fast 


_ Won't upset your gaskets! 


Medical science knows a pain 

1 reliever has got to go through 
* these here pipes and valves 

and faucets and like that. 


Ask your own doctor about how Bofforin 
acts... how when it goes around in those 
pumps like in our diagram and how it goes 
up through them pipes to them switch- 
boards and lights up the little lights and 
rings the little bells, and switches the little 
switches and turns the little dials (they 
tell you which way is North), I'll bet 
you never knew you had such little lights 
and dials and switches in your head. 


Bofforin gets through these 

A things twice as fast and the 
2. reason why is that Bofforin 
combines axle-srease with a 
tested, proven rust solvent. e 


Ask your own doctor about how Bofforin 
acts inside those pipes and valves. Better 
still, ask your own plumber, 


; int 
That way the pain reliever get 
into the blood stream and once 
2 И reaches the blood stream . . . 
* Boffo! Bofforin acts twice 


And all your motors and pump: 
wiii go humming along like a 
4 _ sewing machine. You'll work 
wonders with a “button-hole 
stitcher” atttched to your nose. . 


ТС. CESSPOOL 


NOTE: THOUSANDS have switched from 
rust preventer to BOFFORIN. 


ASK YOUR PLUMBER ABOUT BOFFORIN 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


gê” extremely im- 


JR 


portant message 


from the editors 


a a ы 


el 
5 


please buy 


this magazine 


AANE 


[ЖГ rct 


ХА КУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


She Wanted to Drown. Her Troubles 


NGE INTO your local 
atre and drinkin these 
athtaking scenes. You've 

30 pens that you can w | 

В underwater. You've seefi 
Raids that you can stide. 
ünderwaterand now you'll 
e girls that you. сай ;ogle 

75 queo mem 


poe of © —^ a : " 
HOWARD HUGE A -— 9 
JANE OUTSE К 


(e) ` 
{ sf 


E 


Lio чи“ THE NEW AQUAPHONIC PROCESS 


A у Н took зу - Р 
6 ‚ $3,000,906 . A ON PERI SCOPE. 
: nd к & Brie ILMED IN BEAUTIFUL 


moved tó Nell ywoe Е 7 WATERCOLOR 


TKO 
Ж co-starring RADIO 


ELI LECTRIC - MANNY TSHARK: MYRTLE TURTLE - "m TY DALWAVE We V 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


x X к X x x X 


No, 24 * HUMOR IN A JUGULAR VEIN * JULY 1955 


R R E WILLIAM M. GAINES, PUBLISHER. FR E R 


STAFF CONTENTS 
CLASSICS DEPT. asya Tom Swittt ... Ernie Kovacs 47 
CRIME: DEPT, eec Who put the Strichnine in 
Mrs. Murphy's Husband? B- Shir-Cliff 32 
DO IT YOURSELF DEPT. - You can? ‚.. Jack Dovis 35 
EDUCATION DEPT. How to get the job you 
want by thinking...etc.... Roger Price ............49 
LITERATURE DEPT. Qut of the Frying Pan 
and into the Soup... !ra Walloch 17 
Editor HARVEY KURTZMAN у Veis Cows Jack Davis 52 
Production JOHN PUTNAM 
NEWS DEPT. . Inside Russia ; esl o. 
NEWSPAPER COMICS DEPT. Comics Digest Bill Elder PEP: 
PUZZLE DEPT. .. Pictoquiz Jack Davis 62 
SCIENCE DEPT. ^e Trip to the Moon Wallace Wood ...... 6 
SPORTS DEPT. eese Wrestling sess, Jack Davis 20 
T.V. DEPT. АН “Is This Your Life?” Bill Elder 38 
CONTRIBUTORS 


ЛЕ 


E 
„ tes au > 


PRICE SHIR-CLIFF KOVACS 


Amongst our contributors in this issue are: Roger Price the man who has made 
"Droodles" а by-word on the American scene. As well as contributing an article, 
Roger has been very helpful in advising us on scatalogical avoidism and like that. 
So watch out. Bernard Shir-Cliff, (see pages 32-34) as well as being an author, 
is night cable editor at Ballantine Books, publishers of the MAD Reader, ( 35c at 
ы Juv. 1859: Veli л. Но. детина YOR neighborhood newsstand, cheap. {the whole MAD operation is one complex 
Monthly by Educational Comics, Inc., at 225 Lafay- || insidious cartel.] ) Ernie Kovacs, author of our Tom Swiffft piece has conducted 
Gass tanker ot Ge Pear Ol, en r various zany east coast television shows which we have watched faithfully in the 
Subscription, 8 issues for 92:00 in the U.S. Eise- || interests of enjoyment and mainly to steal material. Readers of Ira Wallach par- 
Educational Comics, Inc. Unsolicited manuscript || Ody will be happy to note that we're running an article of his and all we have to 
ALIS returned unless accompanied by stamped | soy ig... Don't be so happy, readers, the article is a reprint and you've probably 
characters, names or persons appearing in this mag- || read ic already. However, if you haven't seen any of Wallach's work yet, by all 


azine of those living ог dead № intended, and : : 
Such similarity is coincidental, Printed in U.S.A. || means turn to Out of the Frying Pan and into the Soup. (Pages 17-19) 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I dreamed I walked 


down 5th. Avenue in ту 


ironmaidenfit 


What a fantastic 

dream ... and when | 
awoke... | dashed right 
downtown ,,. To buy 
another ironmcidenfit 
you 5су?.., No... 

| dashed right downtown 
to consult my psychio- 
trist cbout helping me 

to stop having such 


emborrassing dreams. 
lranmaidentit in fine 
mesh steel, A, 8, and 

C cups from 2.00 
Soucers ond spoons eatro 


D 2 
>. tL BOE 


ноо. UY. PAT. OFF vn REGINALD $ UNOLSSIVOT, PATRICK, 1% OFFENSIVE 


4 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


LETTERS DEPT. 


As many of you readers 
do not know (we trust there 
are many of you new read- 
ers) the original MAD started 
as a comic book and has had 
a unique kind of success lead- 
ing to this present format. 
Therefore, we are starting 
our letter column right off 
with mail currently being re- 
ceived on the eld and now 
defunct MAD.—ed. 


First and foremost might I 
say that I'm glad glad glad 
that MAD is expanding to an 
"adult magazine," as, being a 
young adult myself (college 
style) I feel... silly... pawing 
through Comic book depart- 
ments looking for the latest 
MAD... Pat Whitney, Uni- 
versity of Minnesota. 


I am very disappointed in 
you. Why in the world are you 
stopping your publications of 
МАШ? ... Allen Lukacs, As- 
toria, L. I., N. Y. 


...NO NONO NO NONO 
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO 
NO NO NO NO NO ..FED- 
UP ED, М. У., М. Y. 


1 always swore I would read 
MAD until the cows came 
home. Yesterday I read the 
latest copy. Brother, the cows 
came home! In the fat first 
place, I'm getting sick of your 
stupid takeoffs. А good ex- 
ample of my sudden cause for 
nausea was the satire (The 
Katchandhammer Kids). 

For years, American youth 
has relied on these little devils 
to provide healthy material for 
their delinquent escapades. Our 
entire social structure is threat- 
ened when we laugh at the 
most endeared juvenile delin- 
quents of this country. (The 


Katchandhammer Kids 


Katchandhammer Kids) have 
a place in our newspapers that 
is respected by some of our 
most notable racketeers, hench- 
men and criminals. They are 
the foundation of our under- 
world. Remove them and po- 
licemen, district attorneys, 
judges and all other men of 
the law would have their very 
jobs threatened ... 

Sergeant Preston (No Address) 


I dug the cover on MAD 
#23, and after thinking about 
it, I decided Га better not 
waste time reading the mag. 
Richard Dathe, Dallas, Texas. 


(mL насосы =~ > 


MAD issue 23 


Stayed up all night wonder- 
ing how you got the title 
“Соро Gossum" (MAD Issue 
#23). It finally dawned on me. 
It's just "Mussog Opog” back- 
wards. P. Rechler, Bklyn. 


PUNS/PUNS/ PUN 


THA'S ALL I HEAR КОИМ’ miS 
SWAMP 15 PUNS/ HON IN 
THE EVER. LOYIN! WORLD 

you EXPECT TO HIT THE 


Соро Gossum 


You have gone too far. It 
was okay when you satirized 
McCarthy. It was okay when 
you satirized Superman and 
Captain Marvel. I wouldnt 
even mind if you wrote a story 
denouncing Molly Pitcher as a 
fifth amendment communist, 
or even if you wrote an edi- 
torial claiming that one of 


Roger Price's vital messages 
was really insignificant. Вис 
when you wrote a story satir 
izing Pogo, you went too far. 
Yo has stepped outen fum de 
limit of de bounds of human 
decency. Frank Jones, Lehigh 
University, Bethlehem, Pa. 


| liked E.C.’s . . . Special 
Art Issue. What 1 want to 
know is—"Who is Art?” . . 
Steve Skeates, Fairport, М. Y. 


I will not waste time extra 
polating extraneous circumlo 
cution. I will come right to 
the point. 

This letter is in reference 
to the word "Potrzebic." The 
deplorable way in which it is 
being treated is not very con- 
ducive to slumber, good 
health, or peace of mind. My 
complaint centers around the 
factor that has manifested it- 
self so annoyingly since "Pot- 
rzcbic" began to fire the hearts 
of young people all over 
America. This factor lies in 


the pronunciation of "Pot- 
ее” America . . . says 
“Potrzebie” as if it were writ- 


ten "Potrizebie"! There is no 
attention given to the fact that 
only thc "r" consonant sound is 
pronounced; America's youth 
brazenly and unconcernedly 
inserts a shockingly articulate 
short "i" sound after the "r^! 

I propose the following 
plan: change the order of the 
"r" and "2° in "Potrzebie" to 
“x” and “г”, thus making thc 
word Porzrebie," This has the 
obvious advantage of virtually 
incorruptible pronunciation, 
and in not losing or adding to 
any of the word's letters, all its 
intrinsic values will be re- 
tained! .S& Е , New York, 
New York. 


Potrzebie 


Potrzebie 
Enclosed please find $8.50 for 
Big Bang Cannon and $1.98 
for stand of grape shot (each 
CT em -y fee n wm 


Cannons 
зет He}! 


i 
| 
H 
М 
x 


Big Bang Cannon 


ball 4” in diameter) as adver- 
tised in MAD. Please speed 
order since I want to wipe out 
a gang of fiends at 225 Lafay- 
ette fast, as my contribution to 
the betterment of humanity, I 
just can't wait to see the sur- 
prised looks on their furshlug- 
giner, blank, miserable faces as 
I cut а bloody swath through 
them. Malvina. Brewster, М. Y. 


Replying to the ads in your 
Mad comic. The March 1st 
edition. You had all different 
things to send for. I wanted 
to send for a live crocodile. 
Then just the other day I got 
my letter back and it said there 
is no such post office in state 
named Smithson John and Co. 
Dept. 98 Wow, Michigan 
Could you tell me what's go- 
ing on. Robert Wiegand, She- 
boygan, Wisconsin. 


Live Crocodile 


I am writing you, the MAD 
Editors, to send you a new ex- 
pression, (nein seven) com- 
monly used throughout our 
fair... neighborhood This 
word, (nein seven) or should 
I say two words, is one of our 
very social remarks From 
past editions of your mag we 
have noticed the word nein 
which in German means no 

‚ by lengthening its mean- 
ing wc changed it to not, nonc, 
nothing. Now we take the 
seventh letter which is “g”. 
As you know “good” begins 
with "g" so we shortened the 
word good to seven. By adding 
nein and seven you get nein 
seven which means not good 
This expression . . . as you see 
... can be very useful . 
David Kerr & Kenny Fix, San 
Diego 9, Calif. 


Since I am a fan of yours I 
this suggest to like would 
brilliant idea for your mag. 
your print you don't Why 
stories, ads, covers, and 
avoid would it this like etc 
сус strain (who should be 
told no one because avoided 
him to see his dentist) . . . 
Judy Twomey, (No Address) 


Please address all corre- 
spondence to: MAD, Dept. 24, 
225 Lafayette Street, New 
York 12, New York. 


NO ODOR 
MMBOY KEEPS 
UNDERARMS 
UNDERARMS 


NO STAIN 
MMBOY KEEPS 
UNDERARMS 
UNDERARMS 


You ond your lovely clothes ore solo with MMBOY 


ever 


Lovely to Love? 


Are you 


You're lovely to look at...only when 
under orms stay dry and fresh, Other- 
wise Hooboyl Wow! Thot's why lovely 
women use MMBOY Cream Deodorant. 


Also with every jar of MMBOY, you re- 
ceive free, two showcards shown above. 
At your next soiree, attach showcards to 
sleeve or curtain with showcard pointers 
directed at underarms. Thot way every- 
body will know thot you are lovely to love. 


WHEN YOU USE MMBOY, INSTEAD OF “HOO BOY,” HE'LL 


SAY "NGOGNGOGNGO"' 


un 


ЖАДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Л 


SCIENCE DEPT. ^y 


> — Crew's Quarters. Cram-packed to су 
аф Save space. Scant furniture. Asa . .'_, 
matter of fact no furniture at Л 


лете AO 


2 * all, justcram-packed with bodies. * 
Pilot Room. Pilot sits upright P d хе deg iie IS c 
in extreme tip-top of rocket... 75 = Navigation Room. Completely 
preferably man with pointy head. ae outfitted with charts and maps, 


Esso road maps and a handy 
Radio Room. Completely outfit- - subway guide to New York City. 
ted for any emergency. Table and 
console models . . . regular and 


7 Observation Room. Has powerful 
F-M, with fold-away Hi-Fi and bar. 


optical instruments such as 


2 ‹ telescope rascally operator is 
Astronomy Room. Where stars 7 training on girl's dormitory in 
will be observed, constellations E nearby co-educational college. 
mapped, galaxies charted horo- 
scopes read, and fortunes told. x Entrance. Note, behind entrance 


airlock, fancy reception room 
with receptionist, and etc. to 
impress visiting alien life. 


Television Room. Powerful tele- 7 
vision ‘sending and receiving 
equipment here for receiving vi- 
tal television messages like for 


instance Jackie Gleason Show. ger onusta и рир 


pong, Information and Education 
lectures, reading articles of war, 
and U.S.0. dances and like that. 


Atomic Pile. On the left can be — 
seen the pile. On the right can 
be seen detail of men putting 
pile back on shelves from where 
it fell into a messy old pile. 


P.X. or Post Exchange 


— 7 Non-Com. Officers’ quarters 


Supply Room. Supplies, spare 
parts, junk, trinkets to harter 
with alien moon life. Note stud 
poker game going on in the back. 


Rocket tubes. Each giant tube is 
capable of huge thrust of incal- 
culable millions of horsepower. 


Commissioned Officers’ quarters 


Commanding Officer's quarters 


Power-plant. Heart of rocket 
where power is supplied by sim- 
ple expedient method of man en- 
ergetically shovelling ^ regular 
coal into furnace. 


rd Space. Large empty cham- 
bef in end of rocket here for 
very specific reason which is 
mainly, we have run out of ideas 
to fill it up with! 


.Propeller . .. just in case rocket 
tubes don't work. 


DR. Х. FLINE SAUCER САРТ. BUCK ROGER MELVIN COZNOWSKI COMMDR, ZORK ARGH 


SCIENTISTS ANSWER IN LIGHT OF POSITIVE 
PROOF OF MAN’S CONQUEST OF FLIGHT 

AND EVIDENCE OF MAN’S ABILITY TO EXPLORE 
OUTER SPACE: IN OTHER WORDS...NO! | 


SHIP ABOUT TO BLAST OFF NOTE SLOW BURNING FUSE 


No, пог right this minute a trip to 
the moon is пог possible, but sometime 
in the fucure, it is quite possible. In 
exploring this interesting question, 
MAD has broughr together four of the 
leading authorities on space travel 
authorities because they are the presi- 
dents of the largest science-fiction 
fan-clubs in the country. This article 
then, is a digest of a round table dis- 
cussion they had. Naturally, a trip to 
the moon 15 quite possible, the panel 
of experts agreed; nat (as we menrion- 
cd before) right now. The experts are 
пог such dreamers. They realize such 
a stupendous teat is no simple matter, 
but is a slow and fantastically com- 
plex undertaking that needs incredible 
amounts of testing... lengthy amounts 
of time. A week from now would be 
more like it. Our experts were asked 
what a trip to the moon might look 
like. Although they could пог agree 
whether the course would be through 
the 4th dimension or nor, the follow- 
ing picture story is the way they de- 
cided a moon trip might look like. On 
the left is a cutaway diagram of a rocket 
that might take us to the moon. On the 
right is the rocket, about to blast off 
Turn the page, dear reader, and blast 
off with us. 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Inside the space-ship, feverish preparations аге taking 
place right up till the very last minute. Khaki-clad atten- 
dants are busily strapping the crew into their places. 


Standing on a distant hill. What hopes ride with this 
top, we watch the rocket take rocket; a streak of fire 
off into a darkening sky. mounting into a purple void. 


8 


NN 


The crew needs to be strapped in because of the forces that 
will come into play, because of great strains their bodies 
must take, but mainly because they just don't want to go! 


Wrong rocket! Rocket is dif- 
ferent rocket. That's 4th of 
Oops! July rocket, пог our rocket, 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


@ Our rocker, above, finally blasts off straight up, the ter- We'll meet и coming ‘round. Below, familiar, yer strange 
rain below rapidly shrinking to toy-like proportions. The contours take shape; the familiar contour of Manhattan... 
moon sinks into the ocean as it drops over the horizon. strange mainly because we blasted off from California. 


@ By George, мете lost! However it's not hard to take our Complete in every detail... yes indeed. Why now you can see 
hearings. As we rise higher, the earth looks like a huge those straight latitude and longitude lines that you always 
map that you might be looking at in your geography book. see in your geography book. The heavy onc is the equator. а» 


Higher still; and now from a fantastic height where no bird Here's proof of what they guessed back in the days of Co- 
nor airplane flies, the proportions of the earth below аге lumbus; no idle speculation, no calculation on paper here. 
so dwarfed as to give you the true shape of the horizon. Now you see it with your very eyes. Yes, the earth is square. a 


‘Copyright © 2006 


у Е.С. Publications, Іпс. 


Now as the rocket proceeds, empty fuel tanks will only be In a few minutes, another sec : is emptied of 
excess weight. And so we get rid of a useless rank section fuel and now drags as excess Барг cessary weight. 
(diagram 1) by pressing a burton, jettisoning rhe section. 


soned section falls down on w house just finished What remains of rocket is small unit packed with vital in- 
5 hard work. Next guess what happens! (diagram struments and crew, plus emptying fuel tanks, so (diagram 


4) With a press of a button we jettison another section. 5) with a press of a button, we jettison another section 


ht © 2006 by E.C. 


These jettisoned sections completely demolish a silo and а 
corn-crib down below 


has ever discussed 


Rocket leaps ahe 


set ol power units take Over. 
But in a while, that section соо is drained and (diagram 3) 


with a press of a button, we jettison another section. 


(Note that this is first article that 
what ns to jettisoned sections.) 


Remaining rocket is now pure nerve-center, composed of Is left a tiny point with n 
viral intertwined pipes, wires, dials and clinging men as, thrust to п 
(diagram 6) the press of a button jettisons another section 


in pedalling furiously for final 
on. (diagram 7) With press of button (d 


gram 8) we jettison another sec... oops! No more sections: 


- 


LJ 
has—Cuaammu"* 


The space station. All kidding aside...the rocket has now Since the rocket, packed as it is with instruments will 
freed itself of the earth's gravitational pull and is Чи. have no room for luxuries, it is with understandable Joy that 
ing in space, But the trip is halted at the half-way mark. the crewmen scramble towards the welcome space station 


The trip resumes. A note now on à phe- You know the reason is because with- Your reason why objects rise is all 
nomenon you will experience. As you out gravity, everything floats. So you wrong. Real reason is mainly because 
leave gravity, you see objects rising. hasten го unfasten your safety belts. rocket ship is flying upside-down! 


However, once you do get away from gravity, a warning. Ш you take a bath, the water will, in all probability, 
Don't have a sloppy rocket-ship with left-out tools floating all float out of the bath-tub in a great big glob, and you'll 
over the place, not put away. What's more, don't take baths! float with и. And if you can't swim out, you'll drown! 


12 


ЖА А Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ф Finally, the moon. This is $ As we approach, this is how As we come still closer.. And this is how the moong 
how the moon will probably che moon will probably look This is how the moon will will probably look from one 
look from а thousand miles. from seventy-five miles. probably look from 500 feer. foor ONE FOOT? 


чё. d 


PULL UP FOOL! YOU'RE COMING IN TOO LOW! coming a condition of inertia combined with increasing ve- 
By George, we nearly caught it then. Anyhow, now comes the — locities that arc further stimulated by the new lunar gravi- 
biggest ргоЫеш... ас of successfully resisting and over- rational attraction...In other words we mustn't crash! 


me \. 4 


For this purpose a very clever mech- while 4 telescoping “legs” are extended, This assures the rocket а firm footing, 
anism is put into use. We reverse our These legs terminate in swivelled feet however irregular the surface is that 
position and back down slowly. Mean- enabling legs to rest on any surface. the rocker might be coming down upon 


14 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Miscalculated that one, eh? We'll need another arrangement Ic all goes co show these fancy diagrams you see printed 
for landing on a point. So there we are, our rocket crump- for how rocket ships should work and how you should go to 
led up on the side of a moon mountain...a complete wreck. the moon... they never work out like they're supposed co! 


Even if we could go to the moon, what We ask the space scientists, what hap- What happens when the moon sinks in- 
scientist has solved the problem pre- pens when, after we've reached the — to the ocean as it drops over the horizon 
viously referred to in this article? тооп, the water rises about our fece? (page 9 )? As yet, there's no answer. 


END 


ЖА АУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NEWS DEPT. 


Report From Russia 


The following exclusive report from 
behind the Iron Curtain is publish- 
ed in the hope that it will perhaps 
give a better insight into the strange 
workings of the Russian mind... a 
better understanding of the Russian 
people. Yes sir... you sure will un- 
derstand Russian people much bet- 
ter if you read the following article. 


Было когда-то на свете двадцать 
пять оловянных солдатиков. Вее 
OHH были сыновьями одной матери 

старой оловянной ложки — и, 
значит, приходились друг другу 
родными братьями. Они были 
очень красивы: ружьб на плече, 
грудь колесом, мундир красный с 
синих. Чудо что за солдатики! 

Они лежали, все двадцать пять, 
в картонной коробке. В ней было 
темно и тесно. Но вот однажды ко- 
робка открылась. 

— Ах, оловянные солдатики! 
закричал маленький мальчик и от 
радости захлопал в ладоши. 


Ему подарили оловян- _) ХАНА ААА 
ных солдатиков в день > Tu Е x S 
112 


ero рождения. `A 
Мальчик сейчас же S 
принялся расставлять SS 
оловянных солдатиков SQ 
на столе. Двадцать ye- > 
тыре солдатика были m 
совершенно одинако- SŠ 
вые, а двадцать пятый > 
солдатик был одноно- 3S 
гий. Ero отливали по- &^ 

^ 

эс 

+ 

I 


следним, и олова He- 


было совсем как настоящее озеро, 
и вокруг этого зеркального озера 
на деревянных подставках стояли 
маленькие зелёные деревья. По 
озеру плавали восковые лебеди и, 
выгнув длинные щен, любовались 
своим отражением. 

Всё это было прекрасно, но Bce- 
го милее была девушка, стоявшая 
на пороге в широко раскрытых ‘две- 
рях дворца. Она была тоже выре- 
зана из картона; на ней была 
юбочка из тонкого батиста, на. пле- 
че голубой шарф и на груди — 
блестящая брошка, такая боль- 
шая, как голова самой девушки. 

Красавица стояла. на одной нож- 
ке, вытянув руки, — она была тан- 
цовщицей. Другую ногу она подня- 
ла так высоко, что наш оловянный 
солдатик совсем не заметил этой 
ноги и подумал, что красавица то- 
же одноногая, как и он сам. 

“Вот бы мне такую жену!  по- 
думал оловянный солдатик. — Да 
только она, наверно, знатного ро- 


да. Вон в каком прекрасном дворце 
живёт. А мой дом — простая ко- 
робка, да ещё набилось нас в ату 
коробку целых двадцать пять сол- 
дат. Her, ей там не место! Ho uo- 
знакомиться с ней всё же не меша- 
ет“. 

И солдатик притаился за табакер- 
кой, которая стояла тут же на сто- 
ле. Отсюда он отлично видал npe- 
лестпую тапцовщицу. 

Поздно вечером всех оловянных 
солдатиков, кроме одноногого - его 
так и не могли найти, — уложили 
в коробку, и все люди в доме легли 
спать, И вот, когда наступила ти- 
шина, игрушки сами стали играть 
в гости, в войну, а потом устроили 
бал. Оловянные солдатики стуча- 
1H в стенки коробки — они тоже 
хотели выйти поиграть, да никак 
не могли приподнять крышку. Даже 
щелкунчик принялся кувыркаться, 
а грифель пошёл плясать по гри- 
фельной доске. Поднялся такой шум 
и гам, что в клетке проснулась ка- 


нарейка и тоже загово- 


fi aN О: ee рила, да притом ещё 

\5 A TEL-TAPFER-PHONER, стихами. 

/ THIS IS A Только солдатик M 
WATCHBUG танцовщица He двига- 


лись с места. Она по- 
прежнему стояла на од- 
ной ножке, вытянув ру- 
ки вперёд, а он застыл 
с ружьём в руках, как 
часовой, и не сводил 
глаз с красавицы. 
Пробило двенадцать. 
И вдруг — щёлк! — 
раскрылась табакерка. 
В этой табакерке та- 
бак никогда не держа- 
ли, а сидел в ней ма- 
ленький чертёнок, Он 
выскочил из табакер- 
ки и оглянулся кругом. 
— Эй, оловянный сол- 
датик-— крикнул Yep- 
тёнок. — Чего ты ус- 


множко не хватило.‘ X A 

Впрочем, он и на одной >с WATCHBUG 

ноге стоял так же у< WATCHING 

твёрдо, как другие на >$ TEL-TAPPER 

двух. Вот c этим-то ч РНОМЕК 

солдатиком и произо- © 

шла замечательная >c 

история, которую я вам >< 

сейчас расскажу. he 

На столе, где маль- > This is a tel-tapper-phone, Tel-tapper-phon- 

m раёетавил cau З ED Uu E E 
солдатиков, было MHO- 5% С ГР уройу telephones. Tel 

го разных игрушек. Но г< tapper-phoners are everywhere these days 

лучше всех игрушек S » ета Д tel-tapper-phoner, Or better still, Fg d 
ORE чудесный картон- >, dont be a Dioner Е а tel-tapper-phoner AM 
ный дворец. Сквозь его % tapped telephone. Хх 
маленькие окна OMH x 5 Š 
ВИДЕЫ Ece комнаты. | were youa TEL-TAPPER-PHONER mismonm? >< 


Перед самым дворцом 
лежало зеркальце. Оно 


16 


^ 


77771704 222227272729 22221729 222727 X 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


тавилея на плясунью? 
Она слишком хороша 
для тебя, 

Но оловянный солда- 
тик притворился, буд- 
то ничего не слышит. 
— Вотты как! — ска- 
зал чертёнок. Ну, по- 
годи же до утра! 


b 
5 ; & 
Y 0 Д A 
1 Ne ANS 
| ls у 
AR : 


20 
у 


iA 


He fired. The mallard and the 
gabardine made a half turn, then 
dropped into the marsh... also..., 
one sparrow, one caneton, and a B-36 


RBD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Out of the 


Frying Pan 


and into the 
Soup 


THE FIRST PART OF 
А / PART NOVEL 


ABOUT THE AUTHOR 


Ernest Heminghaw, author 
of "For Who the Bell 
Tolls?” etc., is known and 
revered the world over for 
his fine writing. In the fol- 
lowing novel, you will once 
more be fascinated by the 
jast moving Heminghaw 
style... the gut-gripping 
Hemingbaw action. Only 
one trouble. Following novel 
ts written by Ем WALLACH. 


"PAPPA" HEMINGHAW 


He filled the mortar with grapeshot and waited in the 
shooting can. He could hear the whir of snipe wings in the 
predawn light. Then a pair of snipe came in from the ocean, 
one mallard and one gabardine flying in formation. He 
waited till they were directly overhead, His hand was steady 
on the mortar and he knew he was shooting as well as ever. 
He fired. The mallard and the gabardine made a half turn, 
then dropped into the marsh. He could hear the splash 
and he watched with satisfaction as the dog set out through 
the marshes to retrieve. The grapeshot had also brought 
down one sparrow, one carneton, and a B-36. 

The shooter packed up the mortar. I can still shoot, he 
thought, and shoot like I did when I was twenty or thirty, 
shaor as good as any uniformed civilian in the platoon. He 
started to get sore at those who couldn't shoot as well, but 
then he said to himself, chis was a wonderful shoot. I've got 
to keep it whole and true. I cant let anything spoil it. 


He was sixty and a Private First Class in the Army of 
the United States, but he had been a corporal and he had 
had two hemispheres shot from under him, not that he 
didnt know he was going to lose them, but they said go 
in with the hemispheres, and he went in with the two 
hemispheres because he was a soldier and that was what he 
was supposed to do. And now he was sixty and a Private 
First Class in the Army of the United States, and it didn't 
look as though he would live to be a corporal again. 

The driver reached the outskirts of Paris. The Pfc slumped 

Copyright 1951 by Ira Wallach. 
18 


in the rear of the limousine, his trench coat collar high about 
his face as they crossed the river, blue-green as rivers are 
in Wisconsin. 

"Here we are, sir,” said the driver. 

"Shut your goddam mouth and talk when you're told 
to talk.” He was sixty and he was a Privare First Class in 
the Army of the United States. I shouldn't have said that, 
he thoughr. I've дог co hang on to my temper. "You like 
Toulouse-Lautrec?" he asked the driver. 

"I don't like to lose anybody," said the driver 

They pulled up in front of the hotel. The Pfc dismissed 
the driver and walked into the bar. Pierre embraced him. 
Pierre wore a paper clip on his lapel. 

"Brother Shifter,” said the Pfc, joyfully seizing Pierre 
by the shoulders and shaking him. The Pfc shined his own 
paper clip, The Shifters were « sure of unofficial club for 
men who loved the infantry. 

The РЕ looked out the window аг the hotel's lawn. It 
was wide, expansive, flanked by a hedgerow, with two knolls 
making high points. “Pierre,” he said, “If you were in com- 
mand of two men charged with policing this area, what 
would you do?” 

Pierre hesitaced, Не had never been а РЖ, and he was 
unfamiliar with military problems that encompassed more 
than bed-making. "I'd start on the flank and take that 
first knoll.” 

The Pfc smiled grimly. He knew that the first. knoll 
would fall of its own weight. The way to do it was to 
work from the flank outward, bypass the knoll, come up 
around the second knoll, driving hard and true, taking the 


‘loose paper up with the butts, just as he had done when 


he was in Fort Bragg. 

Where's Mignonette?" he asked. 

Pierre's voice softened. "Over at La Chienne Morte.” 

"Alone?" 

"ТЇЇ call," said Pierre, picking up the phone. He spoke 
a few minutes, then hung up. "She's there," he said, "but 
not alone, Mon Pfc.” 

"Not alone?" 

"No, Mon Pfc,” Pierre said. 

"There are people with her?" 

"Yes, there are people with her,” said Pierre. 

"She is nor alone," said the Pfc. 


ЛЕД) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


"Мо. She is nor alone. There are people with her.” Pierre 
looked away. He loved them both, the Pfc and Mignonette. 

The Pfc drank a whiskey. 

"Don't be a silly,” said Pierre. "Shell be alone soon." 

"I'm nor a silly. I'm a bitter." The hell with the sillies, 
he thought, and the hell with the bitrers, and the alives and 
the stupids. He thought of che deads, and the deads, he 
thought, were better than the alives and the stupids, and 
they were every bit as good as the bitters, гоо. 

"Bring me some Citronella "16 from the cask,” he said. 

"I've saved it for you, Mon Pfc,” said Pierre. He went 
to the cellar and got it, and the Pfc sat there, waiting for 
Mignonette to be alone, and drinking rhe rrue Citronella, 
a silky wine, not a grand wine, but a good true honest wine 
and a brave one, and not a sniveling cowardly wine, devious 
and untrue. 

Then the phone rang, and Pierre answered it. He turned 
quietly and said, “It’s all right now, Mon Pfc. She is alone." 

The Pfc pur a cask of Citronella in his shirt and slipped 
away. 


He walked along the streets where the rain fell always, 
and it was falling today like к had fallen that day when 
he was a corporal, and the raking fire came down, and he 
lost the hemisphere because somebody said go, and he went 
because he was a soldier and a corporal in the Army of the 
United States. He passed the little corner shop with the 
hams in the window, and the Spam, and the Wheaties, and 
the Brillo, and the Farina, and two mops with bright new 


handles, and a row of ketchup, straight-standing honest ' 


ketchup. Then he reached La Chienne Morte and stopped 
at the bar for a whiskey collins. After he took a sip he turned 
and saw her at a corner table. 

She was tall for her age, and fresh, with a young unspoiled 
beauty and a hint of a bust development. She wore her 
confirmation bouquet boldly, and when she laughed her 
laughter spilled down over her pinafore and you looked 
at her knee-length socks and you could feel your heart 
breaking as you looked. The Pfc strode over. "Hello," he 
murmured, sitting down next to her. He took her hands 
in his. 

"I'm sorry I'm late, grandpop," she murmured. "Tell me 
all about your tactical and strategic conclusions concerning 
the Second World War. | want to share everything with 
you. 

Tell her what? About the deads and the alives, or the 
time outside Bragg he outflanked the СО. and sneaked 
back after bed-check, or the bloody fight up the hill to the 
USO Club where he lost his whole contingent because the 
chaplain, who had never delivered a sermon in anger, said 
it would be a good show? 

"Do you love me?" he asked, changing the subject. 

"I love you,” she said. 

"Let me see your profile," he said. 

“Where is ic?" she asked, simply. 

"On the side of your face, he said, turning her head. 

"You know so much, grandpop," she whispered. "And 
you're so wise and kind," 

"I love you true," he said. "I love you straight. I love 
you honest. I love you sincere.” 

They each had a double Martini. "It is necessary to say,” 
he continued, "that I have seen many lovclics in my time. 
Bur you are the loveliest of the lovelies. And now, let us 
drink some of the true Citronella and stop this talking and 
love each other. Then we shall go out." 

He poured two more glasses of Citronclla from the cask. 
She lifted her glass and drank it straight and decent, without 
making a show of it, but putting it right into her mouth 
and letting it drain down ro her true intestines. He watched 


her. 

“I love you whatever thar is," he said. 

"I love you whatever that is," she answered. 

"You are mine whatever that is,” he said. "My only mine, 
my real mine." 

"І am your real mine and you are my real mine," she 
said, "whatever that is." 

They walked out, taking a new cask of Citronella with 
them. They walked until they reached the river. 


On the surface of the river.an old telephone booth floated 
by. The Pfc took her by the arm and led her to the bank 
of the river. Then he retrieved the telephone booth with a 
long pole. He opened the door. She got in. Then he gave 
a strong push and jumped in after her, closing the door 
behind them. They floated along. They lay together under 
an old copy of Le Temps. He cucked a headline under his 
chin. 

"You're crushing my confirmation bouquet," she whis- 


pered 


“I love you," he answered. 

"You are my good, my true." 

А voice said, "Five cents for the next five minutes, please.” 
They ignored it. 

"You аге my short, my rall.” 

"Don't let's think of anything." 

“All right. Nothing. Тегу not chink.” 

The phone booth floated under a bridge. Above them 
the evening sun shone through the panes of the door. He 
put his foot through the classified ads as he writhed in 
sweet desperation. 

"We're home, pop,” she said. 

The phone booth pulled up аг the horel. They got out 
quietly in the street where the moon shone always, and 
they walked hand in hand until they came to his room. 

She sat on the edge of the bed. “Does your bridgework 
hurt now?” she asked. 

"No," he lied. It always hurt, and he loved the hurt 
because he loved all scars and all pain and all the marks that 
men carry with them if they are men who have slugged it 
out and taken ir, and given it if they had ir in them to give. 

"T love it,” she said. 

"I love it because it's yours and it hurts," she whispered. 
He slipped her the temporary bridge and turned away. 

She sat there fondling the bridgework and holding it to 
her check. "It makes me feel sad and glad and unhappy and 
I love it because it's yours." 

"I love you," he said, as his gums slapped. "Give me my 
teeth and let me go." 

She kissed him true and fierce and firm and honest. 

He got up and left, 


The car drove out of Paris, "Take the next left turn to 
Pamplona,” he said to the driver. 

“Yes,” said the driver 

"Yes, sir,” said the РК. 

"Yes, sir," amended the driver. “Would you like to lose 
Lautrec?" 

“Don't give me any of your Fra Filippo Lippi," said 
the РК. 

In the back seat the Pfc thought about the shoot. Behind 
him the outlines of Paris faded. Morosely, he shined his 
paper clip. He had handled the mortar well and although 
he didn't get many snipe, he got them the way he liked to 
get them. And he had said goodbye to Mignonette and this 
was his last love, and that was that. 


The hell with the fats and the thins! END 


19 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MANY ARTICLES HAVE BEEN WRITTEN AGAINST THIS RED 
BLOODED SPORT. HOWEVER WE INTEND TO SHOW THE 
VIRTUES OF THIS RED BLOODED SPORT...THIS GOOD 


AND RED BLOODED SPORT: 


WRESTLING 


PROFESSIONAL... 


You have by now no doubt read one of the many magazine 
articles which tell you that professional wrestling is bunk. 
lt is with these foul articles that we come to grips, and 
we hope this will break the hold of these writings as we 
pin down our evidence. Speaking for ourselves, we have 
found professional wrestling to be a fine upstanding sport, 
ranking alongside of the most reputable of the spectator 
sports, with all the skill and athletic prowess present that 
is evinced in the more popular games. We found this our the 
other night when we attended our first wrestling match. 

The day of our assignment co cover the wrestling matches 
had been fairly trying. We had had a minor little old silly 
disagreement with our publisher and boss. (of course, con- 
cerning the disagreement, our boss was absolutely in the 
right and we were completely and foolishly in the wrong) In 
any case, we were in not too good a mood ar the wrestling 
matches, and the point of explaining all this is to show 
you that when we went to the wrestling matches, we were 
prepared to criticize and sneer at anything because of our 
state of mind. Well, in spite of our bad temper and all, the 
very first match changed our mood entirely. Our problems of 
the day vanished immediately as we watched in fascination 
the skill and athletic prowess that was evinced by the first 
two contestants. We bid it very exciting to see the first 


m LL we see an usher's eye view of the good old red-blooded 


wrestling fans as they sit in the gallery drinking beer, blow- 
ing horns, grinding sirens, and shouting quaint folksy ex- 
pressions like forinstance “Kill him!" and "Tear his arm off!" 


contestant, (who looked like Tarzan) skillfully grapple 
the second contestant, (who, as a point of interest, by the 
strangest coincidence, looked exactly like our boss). And 
what was even more thrilling was when the first contestant 
deftly delivered a terrific fore-arm chop to the second con- 
testant (who sure looked exactly like our boss). He then 
followed up with a crushing drop kick to the back of the 
neck of the opponent who looked like our boss. But the best 
part was when he jumped up and down with both feet on the 
stomach of the boss opponent and then he gave that boss a 
kick in the head and threw that rotten no-good bum boss out 
of the ring. 

So you see what we mean when we say professional wres- 
Шп is finc, upstanding sport? See how it's a matter of skill 
what you enjoy? It's all skill! ... That's all... Skill! ... Skill 
or be skilled! We recommend everyone should by all means 
go one night a week го warch this skilling. 

Anyhow, back to these wresding matches. On the follow- 
ing pages, we shall attempt to show you with the help of 
scenes han the contests, what professional wrestling is like. 
Picture yourself settled comfortably on your cold, small 
hardwood chair in Madison Squarc Garden...a little old 
man in back of you giggling quierly to himself, a skinny 
teenager shrieking in a falsetto on your left, a fat, turbanned 
woman with tiny blue eyes swinging a cowbell on your right, 
and an usher standing directly in front of you...all fine 
red-blooded, upstanding wrestling fans. The contestants 
thread their way through the blue cigarette haze and onto 
the brilliantly lit "boxing ring". And here's the way the wres- 


ding matches go CONTINUED е 


21 


ЛА КУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


The first match, Kid Kindyouth vs. Of- Wow, is he bad. Hoo boy! When he Then he sticks out his tongue, blows 
fensive Herman, is the type where you comes into the ring... before the audi- razzberries, and finally settles down 
have а good guy against this bad guy... ence can boo him..he boos the audience. іп his corner to tear wings off flies. 


Kid Kindyouth, the good guy, is hand- Contrariwise to Offensive Herman, Kid Не pastes the wings back on the flies. 
some young typical teen ager...the re-  Kindyourh gives опе handshakes, auto- It's plain who this crowd roots for... 
sulting product of clean U.S. living. graphs, money a really nice guy! That's right... for Offensive Herman. 


Куу 
PRN. 

2 own 

e 


O • 
[LE 


р 2 


All kidding aside, referee brings the boys together to in- How you look at rotten bananas is how Offensive Herman 
struct about regulations. Now comes part where Kid offers looks at Kid's outstretched hand, which instead of shaking, 
to shake hands. You know how you look at rotten bananas? Offensive Herman mashes out a ringside spectators lit cigar in. 


The bout isn't even started. The contestants walk back to ...then gives him a trip, then while Kid removes sweater, 
their corners. In a rapid series of actions Offensive Her- gives him rabbit-punch, and finally picks referee's packer 
man sneaks behind Kid Kindyouth and gives him a kick... You begin to suspect that Offensive Herman may not be fair 


УММ»: ANNE, 555 


— ^ wg 


Next, when the bell rings, Offensive Herman rushes in throw- It's when Kid Kindyouth runs to save referee from a nasty 
ing a quick fore-arm smash, a drop-kick, a hammer lock, a fall giving Offensive Herman a chance to clamp on а choke- 
half nelson and an airplane spin...On the referee, that is. hold that you really begin to dislike Offensive Herman. 


Still not content, Offensive Herman in 
rapid succession lifts up the groggy 
Kid and throws him through the ropes. Then drags him up aisle to the exit... where he throws him down the steps... 


ЖА А Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ihen drags him back to the ring where 
he starts rying a noose in the micro- 
Then drags him out into the hallway... where he throws him out the window... phone cord to finish the Kid for good. 


However, unfortunately for Offensive Herman, he has some- "Or does it?" we ask, hearing the jingling cash registers as 
how antagonized the Kid who rallies back with a look thar wrestling fans rush wildly to buy tickets for next week's 
beats Herman го his knees. Which proves...crime doesn't рау! come-back bout. The Kid tics Offensive into а pretzel. 


But how Kid really wins is by a secret hold... the Mongo- The bout is over and the wrestlers climb out of the arena 
lian head-hold which he learned in the Orient. This hold, by Needless to say, the crowd has gone wild and is only ap- 
applying simple pressure to the head paralyzes opponent. peased after falling upon the luckless Offensive Herman. 


The next match is like the first match only twice as much. these here bad guys, Art Rottencore and Reggie Spoilsport. 
This is the "tag-team" type match where you have these These guys are so bad, you just watch them standing around 
here good guys, Tom Strongheart and Dick Stoutfellow, vs. doing nothing and you already want them to get the works. 


They take a half an hour to remove their fancy silk shirts Now, the way a tag-ceam” type match operates is, the two 
with gold sequins embroidered on chem and when they shake wrestlers go into the ring to wrestle and two stay outside 


hands they have trick joy-buzzers concealed in their palms. the ropes, until a partner tags their hand for relief. 


The match begins. Watch favorite dirty This is to hide foul goings on like In this case, foul goings on are main 
trick. Rottencore clamps headlock on giving blows in face, pushing fingers ly where Rouencore is hiding illegal 
Strongheart, keeping back to referee. in eyes, giving chokes around throat. hitting in the head with revolver. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


It's a shame the way Rorrencore uses his clears on Strong- Except when һгигайїгу and rorcure is used on bad guys is по 
heart who pitifully reaches to tag his partner for relief, shame. Stoucfellow leaps into ring. (note protector over 
It's a shame the way people enjoy brutality and torture. old knee injury) His ferocious expression floors Rottencore. 


Stoutfellow should take this sadist and Не is shamming and at the first oppor- 
ging for mercy. Вис after all. kick all his teceh down his throat. tunity he throws a tooth-lock on Stout 
Копепсоге is undoubtedly sadistic. Meanwhile Rottencore is playing foxy. fellow. (note knee injury protector.) 


Ге 


Whilst Art Коцепсоге cleats Stoutfellow's knee injury, Reg- Апа whilst Rotrencore smashes the referee's glasses and con- 
gie Spoilsport (unbeknownst to the referee) loops a throttle- tinues to work on Stoutfellow's knee, Spoilsport breaks а 
cord about Sroutfellow’s throat. This is illegal, you know. beer bottle for a weapon. However Stronghcarc intervenes. 


e „2 ^ х 
S. NS 


UD Cop right © 2006 by Е.С. Publications Inc. 


BS UAT 


Although it is illegal, everyone jumps into ring in one Ring is cleared after Strongheart clamps secret hold, the 
squirming mess... Stronghcart, Spoilsport, Stoutfellow, Rot- Kentucky toc-bend which he learned in the mountains. This 
tencore, the referee, and the fat lady with the cow-bell. hold, by simple pressure to the toe, paralyzes opponents. 


TEAR 


Next match is main event. This is type Yukon Klondike is a lumberjack out of Yukon Klondike is known for enor- 
match where you have fancy characters, the Northwoods. The way he comes mous physique. He is so strong, he goes 
like forinstance, Yukon Klondike. in is pumping rapidly along on a log. through ropes by tearing them apart. 


He will be pitted against Antonino For he is an incredible acrobat and he Не never sits still...in the ring, in 
Rockingchair from South America. comes in barefoot, no shoes, no stock- his dressing room, in the street, al- 
Rockingchair is all the time bouncing. ings. And mainly... always bouncing. ways bouncing, bouncing, bouncing 


7 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


The bell rings. Yukon Klondike, divested of his wool-shirt, ... who comes cartwheeling, leaping and bounding out of his 
his hat with ear-flaps, his hatchet and his log...stands corner in such а way as to build up tremendous momentum 
like Mount Everest, waiting for Antonino Rockingchair and in a final burst of speed, hurtles toward Yukon Klondike 


s ow 


< ZL 
AMO eS] 


Undismayed, Rockingchair leaps about 
the ring again so's to build up hugc 
force with the help of gravity for 


Rockingchair now prepares 

most famous blow, building 

... a pogo-stick head-smash! up deadly power surge for... 
= 1 ара Pu 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Now Antonino Rockingchair leaps about in wild reckless 
leaps like never betore. Only now reason he is leaping is not 
to build up power, wow reason he is leaping is to relieve pain 


Enough fooling around. Rockingchair goes into his most 
famous hold of-all...the Argentine back-breaker. The way 
he does this is he skillfully hoists Klondike over his back. 


7.2 


E^ > 
га 
Ё Д 


Then he skillfully joggles Klondike's body up and down іп a 
certain special way so as to deftly break the back. Sure 
enough it works! ... Antonino Rockingchair's back is broken. 


JIVARO FINGERNAIL PINCH 


Аг this point, stimulated by the sight 
of Rockingchair painfully trying to 
drag his crushed body from beneath the 
weight of Klondike, the crowd is going 
wild. Rockingchair extricates himself. 
Now it is obvious that he is weakened 
by the fact that he no longer bounces 
around the ring but merely dribbles. 
Nevertheless, he manages го end the 
fight with a secret hold. Antonino Rock- 
ingchair clamps on Yukon Klondike the 
Jivaro finger-nail pinch which Rocking- 
chair learned in the jungles along the 
Amazon. This hold, by simple pressure 
to a finger-nail edge, paralyzes the 
opponent. The crowd, worked up to а 
fever pitch, is an undulating mass of 
waving fists, flying chairs and flying 
people. But what really drives the 
crowd wild is when the bout is over, 
Antonino Rockingchair in leaping from 
the ring, trips on the rope and stubs 
his bare toe scratching it a little. 
Аг the sight of blood, the crowd 
really goes wild, and like a rampaging 
river, goes streaming out of exits, 
windows, vents, and cracks, into street. 
Boy, do they go wild. And to this day, 
you can find them in Central Park in 
a large tract where the underbrush and 
trees grow particularly thick. There 
that crowd sits, perched in the tree- 
tops, chattering, amongst themselves 
and examining each other's heads for 
bits of salt. Boyoboy did they go wild. 


END 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NEWSPAPER COMICS DEPT 


ine sideways leave magazine stationary; merely turn body sideways. 


To read following without discomfort of turning magaz 


) 


ы 


< 
LJ 
£ 
23 
< 


FLYING RED HORSES; 
In FLYING BOXCARS 


iSD00 ним У = 
51515 311111 | sABNOOS NIAT3 


SULA Si 1 
035311012 i 
"TU "^ 


І У\УЗА YILJY HV3Á 
SNILNOY IWYS JHL 3O HONW 
OOL ;ммоаяуача SNOAYIN 
У ONIAVH SI ANYAISNH ПОД 


BEJA i 331138 HINW S, лун“ 
ДЇ /3N32S dYLS-JIWOJ зади 
И, -зчпїмалсх NW HY 


зәрүз 11:9 Ag 


S,NOSNHOC/ 2 МАЛЗМ ,N'IWS HYH 
"78293 SIH 326 1ну2 

т WIH Ју DIOOT T 

SıKQOSAON/ STONY IWHM ?lLVW 
ON 3WO? MOH ‘TIZM 


©, җн. MOTI34 Уна SI OHM 


‘NAW , NINWS ‘HSO9 
NIAT3MW ;NITIWS 
R=" \ 


TON ) д 
issoa 

VNO OLN! MYI IHL ‘YIH 312539 5,131 | NIAIZW 

Аяз, OL 10D ЭЛЭМ NvHd2C 21111 SivHL £500 

NOLLVALIS SIHL NI'" U ним 1312 миназхо элип ы 

4352035 ag" DNIGIOH 3e,A3Hl 2991 AUS ПОА 


iSONvH NMO 


ГАЗа 331-49 
ANO SONIKL 

3WNUS JHL 
“TAAOWANY LI 
аме15 LNW) I 


iNWWLSOd IWYS Эні" 
(AW VH IWYS IHL 
/32134O IWYS JHL 
73SNOH SWYS 3HL^" 


д 


н2193 


314494149 


en 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


as any fool knows, the main material in newspapers are the 
comic strips. So we have taken the main comic strips of the 


This next feature is going to revolutionize the reading 
habits of the country. Since MAD believes that a well-in- 


capsule form, 


ads, news, and other such annoying distrac- 


last month which we now present in compact 


uncluttered by 


gent public, we bring you this 


а two page newspaper digest. In other 


words, we have condensed the main material of all the news- 


papers of the last month into a two-page summary. 


formed public is an intelli 


capsule feature... 


„First on your block to 


tions. Lucky, lucky MAD reader.. 


enjoy terrific savings as you quit buying the newspapers. 


Naturally, 


@A 9111 3ipo: 


OaWnssv 


Elder 11:9 АЯ 


19 ‘2әрүз Ag 


LY ATWOUONdAH 
941301539 WY I 


LOOMARWAD 139 


49INOL BIVH ONITTSS AWYN 
NV чзана 3HO2vLSOW 

Y ану дазза V NI амоону ONIN 
-NOX N33S NSIS JANDA Гун! 1293 


JHL МУлахя NOA NYJ МЭНІ MOH- 


у 79201108 TYNIILYN 
-УЗІМІ 40 112 1v 


LON эх,пок “82503 IHL 
NO ONIMYOM 33,nCA 
ал\нм ні “113M 

7104 мому ПОА *'ONIDVHL 


113M - ;азлля 

за OL 1noav 
ама/ хам ан- 112 
3H | 5,49 031534 113€ 


7WNOUNNH3INI 30 9NY9 ЈУ ATIV2IL 


sAOABVHISIA 318980 
-NOHSIO Y ПОА ONIAID 
WI ам SNOSEI2 


ONIMWL WI ` ONIDWOL 
17У NV NO Ld L,NOd| 108 -1na 


à И 30 100 139 
M3ASN TIM u,8v лл 
3»1 S3001 сому LI 
„Му SISIN2V JIM SONS ( 2 Q3N3d 
SONY didis SIHL"IVASO\ -dWH 


éLWHL 3»n аму saaan \ : 


HISO INOS ÍV ATIVILLONGAH 
7 OMYNISID MOA å ATIVIILONGAK 
ONINQ1S3O ПОА AHM 'WODONVW ASH 


NVIDIOVW ЗН 


“SYVLSIN 
злашмз! Y SI 
SIHL ано 1па 


¥ 323,004 
DNIDVAL 


"3 OL , NINNOY - үу 
HILY LY / AOOBAH3/3 S,MVHM 


газміпУ S! 


азман г Q3N3ddXH LOHM 


way ЛП 


ЛЕД) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


CRIME DEPT. 


EVERY 


ISSUE, THE EDITORS DIP INTO 
THE “SPICY DETECTIVE AND GORYSTORY"' 
FILES TO BRING YOU THE TOP NOTCH 
CRIME-OF-THE-MONTH. THESE CRIMES 
ARE SPECIALLY SELECTED FOR THEIR 
PAINSTAKING POLICE WORK, 
VALUE AS SOCIOLOGICAL DOCUMENTS... 
BUT MAINLY FOR THEIR BLE-ECHHHHH! 


THEIR 


The ammunirion in this 
gun matched perfectly 
the water in the glass, 


CLASSY CRIMES#138:“Who put the 


By Bernard Shir-Cliff 
Special “MAD” 


FRAMISH, MASS. Chief of Detectives 
Francis L. Gueeberger was casing the 
cap off another bottle of beer and ex- 
amining a rare new species of orchid 
when the telephone rang, bringing word 
of the case that would rock the State 
of Massachusetts and propel him 
straight into national prominence and 
out again in a jiffy. It was а man's voice 
speaking: 

"Hello. This Chief Guttberger?" 

"Guteberger. Pronounce the first part 
like оог." 

"Yeah. Well look here, Footburger, 
this is Milo Quackenbush, prominent 
society doctor. I'm out here in East 
Framish with a nifty little case of poi- 
soning, which I'm breaking їс for the 
late city editions but if you hurry you 
can still be in for the pix. You want a 


Investigator. 


Face of boy who was heard 
to remark "What? Me worry?" 


look-see?" 

Chief Francis L. Guteberger had not 
spent thirty years on the force for 
nothing. Now his lawman’s nose sensed 
the importance behind this seemingly 
routine call. 

"Where did you say you are?" 

“1578414 Wojehowicz Drive. And 
step on it. I don't want to keep the press 
waiting." 


Boston has its Back Bay, San Fran- 
cisco its Nob Hill. In East Framish the 
mecca for those of affluence and im- 
peccable social position is along swank 
Wojehowicz Drive. Half an hour later 
a squad car careened around the corner 
and drew up аг 1578414. Thirty-five 
patrolmen piled out, followed by Chief 
СигеБегрег. 

Inside, all was confusion. Several 
hundred newsmen, photographers, sob- 
sisters, thrill-seekers and morticians had 
already arrived and were conversing in 
groups while servants circulated with 
drinks and trays of canapés. Dr. Quack- 
enbush, a suave, dapper medico, rushed 
forward. 

"Ah, Guttstuffer. So glad you could 
come. Step right this way. We're just 
about ready for the pictures." 

As he led the way back to the library, 
Dr. Quackenbush paused to slip in a 
heavy chunk of exposition. "deamus 
Murphy," he intoned, reading from his 
prepared script, "was a self-made man. 
Few will realize, seeing this tasteful 
palace of elegance and ritz which it is, 
also well-stocked with art curios from 
the culture spots of the world, chat it 
all sprang from humble type begin- 
nings. Starting їп 1900 with one bar 


and one boat, Seamus amassed his en- 
ure fortune (reaching well into three 
figures) in the Sourh American guano 
trade. In 1938 he retired from business 
and roured che world co hunt wild game 
—mostly mice and the like. Next slide 
please. Here we see Singapore, Pearl 
of the Antilles, It is here that Murphy 
met Voona, the beautiful Eurasian 
girl already famed as the Belle of 
Borneo, and subsequently Mrs. M. 
Their life together hus been one long 
bout of connubial bliss, marred only by 
a single interruption, (beginning in 
1947 and lasting until this morning) 
when the lovely Voona locked herself 
in the bathroom with Vasily Vasevolo- 
dovitch, her faithful orang-outang 
hand-servant, and refused to communi- 
cate with her spouse. House lights 
please." 

Chief Gutebergers eyes narrowed. 
"And what happened this morning?" he 
asked. 

"А very shrewd question,” said Dr. 
Quackenbush. "This morning, when the 
lovely Voona emerged, she found her 
beloved husband Seamus lying on the 
rug in the library with his feet sticking 
straight up in the air and a thoughtful 
expression on his face." 

"Ach see?" 

“Naturally, she пиев: he was 
merely resting, and informed him jok- 
ingly that the bathroom was now free, 
When he made no response, she gave 
his legs a playful tap. With a hollow 
clank, Seamus Murphy fell over on his 
side. Ir was then thar Mrs. M. engaged 
шу services,” 

“You mean —?” 
“Exactly! ња Murphy was dead 


А. ЖАДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


suspect, hides his head as he 
leaves police headquarters. 


Voona Murphy, prime sus- 
pect, hides her head. Is О.К. 
long as she dont hide rest. 


Vasily Orang-outang, prime 
suspect, hides its head as it 
leaves police headquarters. 


Alfred E. Neuman, prime 
suspect, hides his head as he 
leaves police headquarters. 


strichnine in Mrs. Murphy's Husband?" 


as a mackerel, and the dazed Voona 
found herself richer by fifty thousand 
fishkies " 

"You know what [ think?" Chicf 
Guteberger asked, slowly. 

"No, what?" 

"I think we ought to start а new 
chapter." With a twinkling laugh and 
a merry tattoo of his heels he vanished 
into the library. 


ke «was well past nine o'clock at 
night. The police photographer and the 
photographers for the various mag- 
azines, newspapers and photo-syndi- 
cates had departed to their waiting lim- 
ousines, and Chief Guteberger was 
pacing tensely before the great fireplace 
in the library. The thirty-five patrolmen 
waited respectfully, some lounging at 
full length with their marshmallow 
sticks before the fire, others seated on 
the floor or ranged along the wall with 
their cork helmets in their hands. 

“Меп,” said the chief, “men... for 
you are men in all but experience—I've 
purposely lec you stay up late tonight 
because there's something I've wanted 
to tell you. Something you're old 
enough now to know." 

A nervous titter ran around the room 
as the burly cops blushed and shuffled 
their feet. 

"No, no," said the chief hastily, "it's 
not that, no, what I have to tell you 
tonight concerns the darker passions, 
the evil—so to speak—which it lurks in 
the hearts of men." 

"Cor!" whistled Fothergill, “our chief 
is no slouch with words, a regular 
Chauncey Depew in flatfoot's guise!” 

"Please," laughed the chief, "save it 


for the first acc curtain. But seriously, 
fellows—and it #s serious, believe me 
—this morning, right here in this room, 
a fellow human bean was pushed off 
this mortal coil, a life was snuffed ош, a 
great financier was made to forcibly 
kick the bucker with a one-way ticker 
from this Vale of Tears. In short, Sea 
mus Murphy was murdered!” 

There was a shocked silence, punctu- 
ated only by a snore 

"And here to tell you how ic was donc 
we're very fortunate in having with us 


By careful deduction, here is diagram of 
path Murderer took. (А) is victim found 
dead in study. (B) Murderer enters house, 
is surprised by girl taking bath, dashes 
out of door (C) sneaks back to (B). Re- 
enters through livingroom window 


(D) stops at sideboard (E). Takes drink. 
stopping again at 


Examines room, 


tonight none other than that prince of 
society doctors, that Hawkshaw of the 
medical world —Doctor Milo Quacken- 
bush!" 

Dr. Quackenbush bounced out of che 
wings to a thunderous burst of whistles, 
cat calls and applause. "Thank you, 
thank you and good evening coppers! 
Cop—that’s a mother-in-law with a 
badge!" (Laughter) And speaking of 
cops, did you hear the one about the 
two polis-men from the ould sod...” 

"Dr. Quackenbush..." Chief Gute- 


sideboard (Е). Takes a drink. Crosses 
hall (F) into kitchen (С). After search re- 
turns to (E). Takes drink. Stumbles back 
to kitchen (G) through door to cellar (H). 
Falls down cellar steps (I), exits through 
basement window (J) which is all very 
strange since how in world did he ever 
commit the murder in the first place? 


33 


ХА КУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. _ 


Police photo of Dr. Quackenbush show- 
ing front view and profile to illustrate 
the extraordinary contrasting features. 


berger cut in feebly. 

"... were these two Irishmen and the 
first one says, Phathrick, it's..." 

“Dr. Quackenbush!” 

“that pore convict so hard?" and 
Muldoon says, “Convict! Sure ап’ I 
thought it was my...” 

"Dr. Quackenbush!” 

When the pandemonium had died 
down, Dr. Quackenbush concluded: 
"But you don't want to hear any more of 
my old jokes (groans. cries of “Yes, we 
do!" "Deed we do!") so ГЇЇ just turn 
the show back to that pride of the farce, 
your friend and mine—Chief Guttbus- 
ter!" Leaning close to the chief he 
hissed, "That'll teach you to step on my 
jokes!" 

“Dr. Quackenbush,” said the portly 
chief when he had stopped laughing, 
which was pretty quick you may be 
sure, “Dr. Quackenbush, what was it 
first gave you the idea of poison anent 
this case?” 

"Just a hunch, I guess. Yeah, I guess 
you could call ir that. A hunch and 
this bottle marked ‘Quick-acting poi- 
son' I found in the dead man's ear." 

"And what was in the bottle?” 

"Nothing. It was empty. The poison 
was all in Seamus Murphy. You might 
say that shamus was loaded." 

"So what did you do?" asked the 
Chief. 

"What did I do?" 

"ess 

"What did I do?” Dr. Quackenbush 
flipped through his script. "Just a 
hunch I guess...you might say... 
nothing to hide...Oh! Whad I do? I 
got à bicycle pump and bailed him out." 

"And you found?" 

"I found a boiled egg with cup, one 
beer opener, a life pass on the Seaboard 
Railway, a rubber cigar and a pair of 
galoshes." 

"Is that all?” 

"... paint brush, one boat hook, one 
hockey puck, a boy scout compass and a 
No. 10 can of Essolube # 30 Motor Oil.” 

"Is chat all?" 

"... pair of oarlocks, bones of a full. 
grown boa constrictor, one dozen vul. 
canizing patches and a stuffed owl.” 


34 


Policc photo of Alfred E. Neuman. 
Note more violently contrasting view 
and profile than Dr. Quackenbush. 


"And that was all!” 

"No, I also found 1/10 grain of pure 
strychnine. That did ic." 

The cheer that arose from the thirty- 
five breathless patrolmen shook the 
rafters, thereby dislodging Voona and 
her pet orang-outang, both of whom 
had been hanging upside down in the 
chandelier. 

Pausing only to readjust her sarong, 
the sloe-cyed cemptress drop-kicked the 
orang-outang back into the chandelier 
and strode forward. 

"Me Voona," she intoned, her eyes 
narrowed to slits. "Me big ham!" Aside, 
she muttered, "Dig these pear-shaped 
cops!” 

“Patience, my pet,” hissed Dr. Quack- 
enbush. “Soon these oafs will depart 
and it will be you and me, flitting 
through the treetops.” 

“Nor so fast, Quackenbush!” Ic was 
Chief of Detectives Francis L. Guteber- 
ger, his chest heaving and the veins 
standing out like grapes on his temples. 
“Nor so fast! Murder has been done and 
Justice must be served." 

Voona swayed across the room and 
came to a stop before Chief Guteberger, 
undulating gently. Regarding him 
through half-closed lids, she produced 
a gunnysack labeled "Fast-acting Pa- 
рауа” and extracted a fruit stamped 
with skull and crossbones. 

"Here," she murmured, emitting a 
slight puff of steam, "for you, fat boy." 

"Thank you, my dear. As I was say- 
ing, the murderer of Seamus Murphy is 
right in this room and must be brought 
to Justice... Mmmm, delicious fruit... 
and the murderer is—is—" The rotund 
lawman's face turned a ghastly green. 
“The name of the murderer is—" 
Sweat was standing out on Chief Gute- 
berger s brow. Suddenly he was seen to 
assume an angle of 45 degrees from the 
perpendicular, scuttle sideways with 
rapid little steps, and flip over onto his 
back. When the dust had settled, he was 
discovered lying flat on the carpet with 
his feet sticking straight up into the air 
and а thoughtful expression on his 
face. 

The anxious patrolmen gathered 


Police photo of Voona, beautiful Eur 
asion girl, showing most interestingest 
front view and profile of everybody. 


around. “I grannies,” chortled one, 
brighter than the rest, “he must have 
dozed ой!" 

"Dozed off, my foot! A five year old 
child could see he's deader than a 
mackerel," said Frobisher, a five year 
old child brought in specially for the 
occasion. 

"Righr, ше nipper! From my van- 
tage point in yonder chandelier I saw 
ic all." 

Dr. Quackenbush blanched. "That 
voice, issuing from the habiliments of 
an ape! It could only belong to that 
nemesis of all us crimesters—" 

"At your service." Doffing the mask 
of an intelligent orang-outang, Inspec 
tor Moriarity sprang forth, I've been 
onto you since 1947, Voona Murphy. 
You thought ro slip the old goof ball to 
your erstwhile spouse and escape back 
to the Straits Settlements with the 
fortune in gems known as the Murphy 
Rocks. And you, Milo Quackenbush, 
you realized that sooner or later some- 
one would read the fine print on your 
diploma and discover that a certificate 
from a third-rate veterinary school did 
пог entitle you to continue your lucra- 
tive practice in brain surgery! Well, 
thanks to me, the State now has enough 
evidence to put the both of yez in 
pokey for the rest of the week, begor- 
rah! Put the manacles on ‘em, boys." 

"Crimenentalies!" breathed Rosen- 
crantz, a policeman. "What a whirlwind 
finale. Did you ever hear the like of 
it even in Classy Crimes, a regular 
monthly feature of Real Gore Crime & 
Spicey Detective?” 

"Gleeps, по!” echoed Guildenstern, 
another policeman. "In fact, I would 
say this case offered the fan everything 
in the way of painstaking police work 
and sociological value with опе 
exception.” 

"And that is—?" 

"Pie!" 

Suddenly the air was filled with 
whizzing globs of chocolate custard and 
whipped cream as the entire cast burst 
out of the door belaboring each other 
abour the ears with their nightsticks 
and vanished over the horizon. 


END 


ЖАДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DO IT YOURSELF DEPT. 
Anyone can build this 


With comparatively little trouble, the 
useful and attractive coffee-table pic- 
tured here, complete, can be yours or 
anybody elses if you're willing to take 
the time to build it yourself... if you're 
willing to get a few callouses on your 
hands... if you're willing to get a little 
sawdust in your hair...if you're will. 
ing to lose a couple of fingers. 

There's no trick to building a coffee 
table, complete, like this. All you need 
is a few fundamental tools, some odds 
and ends from the hardware store, a 
good right arm, the will to work, and 
mainly, coffee. Check on the coffee 
first since if nobody in your house 
drinks coffee, (егеу no sense building 
this coffee cable. 

Now ...the initial step in building 
this coffee table, then, is to arrange 
for time to build this thing. If you 
can't find time during the evenings or 
the weekends... quit work. A week or 
two will do it. Remember... you'll be 
saving money by building this table. 
If you can't leave your job you might 
hire a contractor to come in and build 
the coffce table. Don't be afraid to го 
out and get this thing done. 

However you decide, on the follow- 
ing pages are twelve basic steps to fol- 
low to build this coffee table, complete. 
So roll up your sleeves, get out your 
nails, your hammers, and your band 
aides... and go watch television. 


Coffee 
Table 


EXPLODED 3/4 VIEW 
NOTE 11" BUTT HINGE 
POSITION SPACER 

STICHING 


ИХ I" X 5/7 V4 X Ye" CARBUNCLE 


JOISTS 


FOR CUSHION A Le BROKE GE 


SSS 
“= 
کے‎ == 
ЕЕ p — 

х 3/4 Х Vê FRICTION CATCH LAA 


ay E SETIN WOOD LAAL AA 
м E E 
ی کک کے‎ “О ә! e LEG 
SSAA Ws PI 


Se СОА 
war КОЖЕ HE АЙЕ 


* MEETING 
RAILS SET 
BACK Ue 
ALL AROUND 


6 
SHOE 


\ 
MOLDING ~ SN 
OD SNK WASHER - NUT 


BEVEL 
SIDING 


DETAIL OF MITER 


\ > fig JAM WITH 
3? POTRZEBIE 


FLOOR 
PLATE 


CONTINUED eS 


35 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


COFFEE TABLE CONTINUED 


1. Lumber. Select your lumber with a careful eye for 
imperfections such as checks, bows and knots. If you can't 
get well seasoned, finishing grade basswood, mahogany or 
teak at your lumber yard, you will find that cheese-boxes 
and orange-crate ends will do very nicely as а substitute. 


3. More Sandpapering. You сап do enough sanding. 
You are up to very fine grit of 5/0... go to finer grit of 6/0 
...then то grit 6/0.5 and on to grit 6/0.05 and on to 
6/0.005. Then comes very teenchy-weenchy grit, 6/0.6x, and 
after sanding with that, use teenchyest grit, 6/0 y 00; 


“ А < 7 >, 
2. Sandpapering. The success or failure of a piece very 
often depends on the sanding, In order to work gradually up 
to the smoothest finish, start with grit size No. 1/0 and 
work up to grit size No. 2/0, Then go to next finer grit 
size No. 3/0 and thence to an even finer grit size of 4/0 


4. Nailing. Now, back to our tools... (remember, all 
you need то build this coffee table, complete, are simple 
basic rools usually found in the average home) We assemble 
the main-brace cantilever carefully with our finishing 
nails and hammer. (a rock can be substituted for hammer) 


5. Fastening. When the main-brace cantilever is assembled, 
we then bore 14” countersunk dowel pockets in each corner 
with our automatic drill. (surprisingly, an automatic drill 
is really а simple basic tool that should be in every average 
home) When dowel pocket is mortiscd properly... tenon. 


36 


6. Trim. Now take up the lumber for the table top and set 
it on your circular-saw power-tool top. (a must for every 
average home...l mean, let's face it! If you want to do 
things right, you can't be a cheap skate) Set miter gauge 
and select dado head to make self-aligning ogival rabber. 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


7. Final Assembly. Your most important step is to then 
stamp the table-top support out of 14” steel sheet on your 
sheet-métal press. This done, fit toggle-bolts to butt- 
hinges bevelled to corrugated fasteners, Clinch core with 
trunnions and hoist the mizzenmast to the starboard tack. 


9. More Sandpapering. Keep sanding! Get right back 
there and keep on sanding! There's never enough sanding! 
Stay in there and keep sanding. Don't stop sanding! 


ll. Finishing. And now, to give final touches to finish 
the coffee table, complete, pictured on page 55, we varnish, 
steel wool, and pumice all surfaces ... bury а caladium bulb 
in soil, which we can make by decaying leaves for no less 
than a year and fashion a clay pot while bulb takes root. 


8. Sandpapering. When the toggle-bolts are fitted, the 
job is completed. Back to sanding. Start with the last fine 
grit size you used and work back down, to coarsest grit 
size, No. 1/0. You can never do enough sanding. Success or 
failure depends on sanding. Don't forget, plenty of sanding! 


i 
NM 


ac 


‚ W 
М А 
CN 
VEDO Масе 
12. Piece de Résistance. We pot the full grown caladium 
plant and place it on the cable and there we have our 
coffee table, complete, pictured on page 55 with excepuon 
of pack of cigarettes you see on the table. We will show 
you how to make the pack of cigarettes in the next issue 
END 


37 


/ 


Call 


/1 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SOMEWHERE IN THIS PLAIN OLD REGULAR EVERY-DAY 
ORDINARY T.V. AUDIENCE IS SITTING AN IMPORTANT 
PERSONALITY WHO WILL BE THE STAR ON... 


Yes... commonplace as the audience on the left might seem 
...Somewhere, somebody, someplace, sometime, someway, 
something, somehow, somewhat... is an important personal- 
ity, who in a moment... unbeknownst to them... will be 
identified by Master of Ceremonies Raoul Phedwards, as the 
star on "Is This Your Life?". Perhaps you have already iden- 
tified the important personality who will be chosen for “Is 
This Your Life?” inside the studio. If you have, you are 
indeed observant, mainly since the important personality 
who will be chosen is not inside the studio but is outside 
the studio. This then is the story of that famous television 
show "Is This Your Life?" and in case you don't already 
know, here's the way іс gocs. In this instance, the popular 
personality was that very well known gentleman... who 
you never heard of... Melvin Furd. Now the trick was to 
trick Melvin to come onto the show without him knowing 
anything about it. So here's the way they worked it. The 
first problem was to lure Melvin Furd into the vicinity 
of the T.V. studio. This was particularly difficult since 


Melvin lived in a hard-to-reach suburb of New York while 
the studio, of course was downtown...downtown Los An- 
geles, that is. A tough problem you say? Nor so for the ol' "Is 
This Your Life?” research staff. First they contacted Mel- 
vin's boss and had him fire Рога. (Мос for real of course.) 
Then after arranging it so that he would get no other job 
on the East coast, the research staff cleverly blew up his 
house and made it look as if the family funds had been 
stolen. After that it was comparativcly casy to lurc Mclvin 
to Los Angeles by offering him a job there. Then on the 
night of the program, as Melvin stood in the street on a 
specially arranged corner, innocently vending his peanuts, 
the deception was completed by having Mclvin's wife 
lean screaming out of a special window across the street 
with fake smoke and hre billowing around her. And as Mel- 
vin Furd dashed up a specially planted ladder and through 
the specially prepared smoke-filled window, the following 
was the sight that greeted his little red eyes as he found him- 
self the important personality on “Is This Your Life?” 


CONTINUED 5. 


ХА АУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


RAOUL: And here he is, folks... Melvin Furd. Welcome! RAOUL: Never thought you'd be on "Is This Your Life?” Eh? 
Music: (theme song loud, fades, continues in background) ruro: Hoh? Wha? Hah? Hoh? Hoo? Hoohah? 

RAOUL: Welcome Melvin Рига, to "Is This Your Life?" RAOUL: Well, sit down because yow are the featured guest 
FURD: Wha? Wha? Hah? Wha? Hah? on Is This Your Life?” How do you like that, eh? 


LANA A 


NS e 


^. 
ЫЕ it + 


FURD: (leaps up and runs around RAOUL: (calming Furd down) Haha! | FURD: (leaps up and runt around 
waving fire axe) HELP! No, Мг. Furd, you are merely again waving fire axe) GET 
HELP! FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! the featured guest on “Is This OUT, FOOLS BEFORE IT'S 


Your Life?" Understand now? TOO LATE! HELP! FIRE! 


RAOUL: Ah haha по no! I can't blame you for being con- RAOUL: (hissing through clenched teeth) There there... 
fused, Mr. Furd, bur you just sit down and relax. jusst sssit down on thiss corton-pickin' chair for 
FURD: (drenching room with fire hose which he bas pulled you are the guessst оп "Iss Thiss Your Life?" 
off tbe wall) GET OUT! HELP! FIRE! FURD: (astonished) Me? ... Meme? ... Gowan! Ме? 


ж 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


RAOUL: 


FURD 


RAOUL: 


VOICE 
FURD: 


SHILO: 


FURD; 


To start your story Melvin Furd, we go way back in- RAOUL. This is way way way back... you were in the Army 


to the past. Way way way back. You are a young way back then. Do you remember this voice? 
man way way back then. VOICE: Melvin and I were Army buddies way back then! 
(still astonished and in bie her pitch) Meee? FURD ( still astonished, still higher pitch) Меееееееее? 


nol || 
N BELA SMEAR ^ 
ЖЕШСЕ ! 


Recognize this first voice RAOUL: You shared the same tent to- RAOUL: It is! Your old mess-mate 
from way back in your past? gether way way way way back. from way way way way back 
It sure was way way back! FURD Oh my gosh! It can't be! You .. Shiloh Culpepper! 


That's from way way back! didn't go that way far back! MUSIC; (theme song blasts up, down) 


крк T 


ое none + 


2 


Hi, Melvin! Remember how we fought together at SHILO: Ain't been the same since Lincoln's administration. 
Gettysburg? Remember they fired on Fr. Sumter? FURD: Boy! This here program sure takes you way back! 

1 told you they shouldn't have fired that first shot! RAOUL: Haha it's just the beginning. Now the next voice... 
Did you ever trade in that Confederate money? SHILO: Dadblamed OPEM rheads and Carpetbaggers . 


ЖАДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RAOUL: You made many friends in your younger days, Mel- RAOUL: It is! Your childhood sweetheart, Sabrina Voom! 


vin Furd. Do you recognize this voice? MUSIC: (theme bursts forth, more plaintive than before) 
VOICE: Melvin had a crush on me when we were little kids. VOOM: Melvin! Remember what a crazy crush you had then? 
FURD: Shucks! Criminetalies! Don't cell me that's... FURD: Haha, Sabrina, we were pretty silly children then. 


RAOUL: Later you'll have a chance to RAOUL: Just step this way and we'll RAOUL: We'll bring on the next voice 


discuss old times. This way ... bring on the next voice... as soon as you step this way. 
vOOM: Surely, Raoul. Let go Melvin. VOOM: Yes indeed Raoul. Ler go Mel. VOOM: Yes. Now ler go, Melvin Furd 
FURD: ...lmaginemehavingacrush. — rump: Imagine! Boy wasIsillythen. — FURD: — ... What a foolish crush I had. 


ae SERO ET 


RAOUL: You'll have a chance to talk at a party we usually RAOUL: Yes, you made many hundreds of friends, and here 
throw after the show. NOW LET GO, MELVIN! is one who was very close ro you in your youth 

VOOM: Yes... please... let go, Melvin. VOICE: Young Melvin and I were inseparable playmates. 

FURD: really can't imagine how I had such a silly crush. FURD; (visibly shaken emotionally, leaps ro bis feet) 


f 
ке 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc.™ 


RAOUL: Yes! It's your childhood friend, Sheldon Scrounge! RAOUL: Please Melvin! For goodness sake! You'll have a 
MUSIC: (theme up... musicians all weeping for effect) chance to talk to Sabrina Voom after the show! 
SHEL: Melvin Furd, you old son-of-a-gun how are you? VOOM: Please Jet go, Melvin! 

FURD: (rushes forward with arms flung open to embrace) FURD: Sure was funny...me having a silly crush on you. 


М 


RAOUL: Look! Your childhood friend! SHEL Remember we would play for SHEL Yep, good ol' Melvin had one 


SHEL: Remember how we d play mar- the championship and you fault. He was a sorc-loser. 
bles after school let our, Mel? never could stand ro lose. Last time we played, I won the 


SHEL: Gosh, yes. We sure were goofy! FURD Hahaha. Good old silly days. game and he ran away sore. 


te 


SHEL: But we ve lost our petty values by now, eh Mel? RAOUL: All right now, gentlemen ... sit down. You'll all 

FURD: (springing on Sheldon) DIRTY RAT! BUM! have a chance го get together after the show! 
YOU DIDN'T NEITHER HIT THAT IMMIE! гово: НЕ NEVER WON THE CLOB-BONE FAIR! 

GIMME BACK THEM MARBLES! 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RAOUL: Time marches on, Melvin Furd. You grew up and RAOUL: Come on now, Melvin Furd certainly you recall that 


went into business. Now do you recognize this voice? voice. Tell us his name. You know it. Go ahead 
VOICE: Remember me, Melvin? We went through pretty and tell us. Come on! It's... it's... it's... 
rough times горетћег and were like brothers. FURD: Gee...Tm afraid I don't recognize... 


РУ; 


RAOUL: Surc you do! Come on! It's... RAOUL; Sure you do. It's... it’s... RAOUL: ITS YOUR OLD FRIEND 
its... i5... I'S... 15. г А У Б ALFRED L. NEUMAN! 

FURD: Gee...I...I'm really afraid] FURD: Geeno.,.I really don't recog- MUSIC: (theme up, shakes the room) 
don't recognize that... nize that voice... ALF: Melvin! My old buddy! 


ANZ 


М 


FURD: Never saw him before in my life. 
RAOUL: Well anyhow, now a voice that you know and love. 
VOICE: Hello, dear. Isn't this all just too wonderful? 
FURD: Сее...1.. . really truly don't recognize nothing. RAOUL: A love light in your eye shows you know who that is. 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


FURD: (leaps quickly across tbe stage to embrace.) RAOUL: Just sit there Melvin. Now you recognize these? 
RAOUL: That's right! It's your beloved wife, Brunhilda! voices: Hiya Pop! Greetings Pop! Waaah! Galusha hit me! 
MUSIC: (theme comes up again relentlessly, nauyeatingly) FURD: (leaps across the stage again hands outstretched) 

VOOM: Please! Please let go, Melvin! RAOUL: STOP HIM! HES LEAPING FOR THE EXIT! 


s 7 || к. 


FURD: Ц... it's my kids together? let me outta here! RAOUL: Now boys, до fight on the other side of the stage. 
RAOUL: That's right... it's your boys, all ren of them. Can you recognize this next beloved voice, Melvin? 
MUSIC: (theme is drowned out by mighty trampling of feet) VOICE: ГОСТИННОЙ ПРИНИМАЮТ ГОСТЕЙ. ПОЛ ЕЯ 

BOYS: Pop! Take me piggy-back Pop! Let's wrassle, Pop! FURD: My mother, all the way from СПАЛЬНИ!( Gasp.) 
У. ] / п үч ТУЛА Р "y " Nec У А 972 


Т! 


RAOUL: Yes, we've flown your mother RAOUL: And here's another voice you RAOUL: Yes, we've dragged your father 


from СПАЛЬНИ to be together cherished in your youth. all the way back from ОКОЛО 
with you here tonight. VOICE: HELP! HELP! where he ran away from your 


FURD: All the way from СПАЛЬНИ! FURD: My father from ОКОЛО! mother thirty years ago. 


n 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RAOUL: And we've flown your beloved RAOUL: And we've flown your younger RAOUL: We've flown your older broth- 


sister, the one who got mar- brother from Tibet where he er from outer space where he 
ried to an Eskimo, all the way was just about to reach the was just about to reach the 
up from the South Pole. summit of Mount Annapurna! moon on a guided missile, 


Wiv \} M 
è 


o, A 


4 


RAOUL: Hahaha, ГИ Бег this all has stunned you, eh? Is 
this your life, Melvin Furd? ... Melvin! Speak! 

FURD: (lies flat upon his back clutching at his heart) 

RAOUL: Yes indeed, Melvin Furd, this WAS your life! 


At this point everyone has to stop 
crying for the end commercial. Then 
everyone resumes crying. And so, the 
program ends with all his fricnds, rcla- 
tives, wife and fighting children gath- 
ered about the prostrate figure of 
== \ Melvin Furd. Which quickly snaps to 

$ À S ; life at the approach of Miss Sabrina 

hye ЭХА ee NN S Voom. (Gee. but he had a silly crush 
| | сузо a on her when they were kids! ) 

| ` \; Next come gifts where Melvin Furd 

ТЇЇ ПИ | 14 gets a script of the show,..a movie 

ү : EN. Г of the show... some packaged smell of 

D VR PI r the show...a wrist watch and brace- 

er I P; ASN E let set...a moving picture camera... 
an automobile...and Miss Voom. 

And as the T.V. camera trucks away 
from the whole squirming, wailing, 
hugging, kicking group, the orches- 
tra blares the theme song, friumph- 
antly this time, the musicians huzzah- 
ing and waving flags for effect. Just 
before the scene ends, Melvin Furd 
is seen to leap up, а startled 
expression on his face as he re- 
members his original purpose in 
being there. Fadeout shows Furd run- 
ning around waving fire axe yelling 
HELP! FIRE! HELP! HELP! GET 
OUT YOU FOOLS BEFORE mg 


END 


4 
” Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


AND HIS 


ELECTRIC 


BY VICTOR APPLESAUCE 


HOW MANY OF YOU OLDTIMERS RECOGNIZE THIS OLD BOOK TITLE? 
WE DO NOW PRESENT THAT SAME FAVORITE CLASSIC SKILLFULLY 
DIGESTED INTO A CONDENSED, SIMPLE, HARD-TO-READ VERSION 
BY MR. ERNIE KOVACS...(WRITER, LECTURER AND Т.У. COMIC) 


Professor Harding darted his mauve eyes 
nervously about the heavily-panelled 
conference room at Clugston Insti- 
tute, anxiously folding and refolding 

his coveted Cowsnofski award for 
vigilance in the classroom as he 
awaited the expected entrance of 
Tom Swiffft, sophomore at Clug- 
ston and captain of intramural 
pettipoint at that same re- 
nowned institute of learn- 

ing. A quick glance at 

his pocket-watch with 

it's mother-of- 

pearl fob en- 

lightened 


Professor Harding as to the mounting 
of the dwindling minutes. Young Tom 
Swiffft, were he пог to make his 
scheduled entrance within the next 
three minutes and seven seconds, 
would sacrifice eligibility to ma- 
triculation in the Electric Awards 
Contest. Suddenly the firm and 
sophomoric knock of Young 

Tom Swiffft rang through the 

room. А chorus of intaken 

breaths preceded Profes- 

sor Harding's terse 

"Come in." The 

door swung to 


and Young 


CONTINUED 
Ф 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


48 


"Bless me" expostulated Professor Harding. "Gezundhe 


Tom stood upon the threshold. Head back, much of 
his chest forward, cleft chin jutting, Young Tom 
sneered, in an all-American manner at the final tick- 
ing second which had been beaten. 

"Bless me,” exposculated Professor Harding, "you've 
chastised Father Time again with your rapier-like 
thrust at the gauche dripping of sand in our period 
of existence." 

"Duh," said Young Tom. 

"1 say you've done it again, lad; and what per- 
force, have you invented this time!", queried the 
bencvolent professor. 

“Ihave an invention that will put to shame all those 
which I have had by chance circumstance to pass 
in my daily comings and goings about Clugston 
Campus. "I," continucd Young Tom with a soft qual- 
ity in his voice (for he revered the elder gentleman) 
"have had the happy fortune to invent the"... (and 
here Young Tom, master at the art of debate, paused 
for due effect) "Electric Ping Pong Ball." 

"Bless me," expostulated Professor Harding, "the 
Electric Ping Pong Ball! An incipient hoon, indeed 
to mankind and other kinds." 

"Thank you, sir," said Young Tom simply. 

"This... this Electric Ping Pong Ball, as you call 
it, how does it function, Young Tom?" 

"Well sir," said Young Tom with great respect, 
for he revered the older gentleman, "you see this 
electric cord which dangles from the ball?” 

"Why bless me,” expostulated the professor, "in- 
deed I do." 

"This," continued Tom in eagerness "is the source 
of the energy and /or the source of fuel." 

"Nhat is the little slanted line between ‘and’ and 
or?" asked Professor Harding. 

"Hmmmmm Boyyy!” ejaculated Young Tom with 
a certain lack of respect as he no longer was sure he 


UTE 


it" said Young Tom simply. 


revered che elder gentleman. 

"Whar, Young lom,...what is done with the 
dangling cord?" axiomated Professor Harding 

"It is plugged into the baseboard,” volunteered 
Young Tom. 

"Baseboard!" expostulated Professor Harding. 

"Indeed, Sir, thus removing the factor of arduosity 
from the game." 

"And far better off without it, Young Tom," agreed 
the Professor. 

Аг that moment, Professor Harding's secretary and 
Tom Swifffe’s бапссс, Ramona Popkin, lept «o her 
feet and removed her long black hair with one par- 
abolic sweep of her hand. 

"Bless me," expostulated Professor Harding, “my 
confidential secretary has been wearing a wig and is, 
in reality and unbeknownst to us until this very in- 
opportune moment, 'Six-Torso the infamous Russian 
Spy. 

“Da,” ejaculated the erstwhile secretary, and leap- 
ing to her twelve feet, she grasped the Electric Ping 
Pong Ball (recorded as ‘Project 7' in Stalingrad files) 
and readied herself into starting position to make off 
with the valuable device. 

At this moment, Tom Swiffft busied himself mo- 
mentarily with swift, sure movements and as ‘Six- 
Torso’ fled, Young Tom said to Professor Harding: 
“Your fears ure quite groundless, sir, as I have taken 
precautions to thwart the infamous Russian Spy." 

"But how, Young Tom, how have you managed to 
do chis?" 

"By the simple device of fastening the end of the 
dangling cord to your neck." 

"Bless me," said Professor Harding's head as it 
jogged erratically behind the twelve heels of the un- 
suspecting, subversive, ‘Six-Torso.’ 

END 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


EDUCATION DEPT. 


A GUIDE FOR FUTURE JOB HUNTERS 


This article will help you if you are a college graduate faced with finding a job. 


Many students are today faced with the prospect of finishing another year to set you right again. Study the following 
school and having to go out and work. If you are one of charts. Read them twice. Learn to read them backwards and 
these, a careful study of the following can be very helpful. upside down. Chew them over. Swallow them. Then read pages 
Yes, a careful study of the following will confuse you so 50-51, where Roger Price tells you how to get a job... Which 
thoroughly that Pop will have to send you back to school for just goes to show how some jobs can be gotten at a Price. 


PERCENTAGE OF THOSE WHO GRADUATE WHO HAVE GONE TO SCHOOL 
STUDENTS 


EACH FIGURE 
REPRESENTS 
ONE FIGURE 


RUSSIAN ARMY STRENGTH NOTE DRAMATIC 


CONTRAST BE- 
TWEEN SYMBOLS** 


*SAME WISE GUY AS ON PAGE 59. 
**DRAMATIC CONTRAST FROM DOTS ON RUSSIANS CAUSED BY MEASLES. 


PERCENTAGE OF JOBHOLDERS CURRENTLY EMPLOYED 
COMPARATIVE BAR CHART* NOTE VARIOUS TYPE BARS 


BROWNING DAN'L 


А 
AUTOMATIC RIFLE BOONE KILLED A PRISON ** 


*SOURCE: ‘HOW TO LIE WITH STATISTICS. 
**BY GEORGE...SOME ONE SAWED THROUGH THAT BAR, 


ioe OF HIGH AND LOW POINTS‏ د ت 


MELVIN 
MELVIN 
RUNS OVER 


MELVIN 
C.IFF 
EVERY ONE 
GOES HOME 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


HOW TO GET THE JOB YOU 
TIVELY AND ALSO GET AHEAD 
THAT WILL GIVE YOU A NEW 
PERSONALITY AND HELP 


by ROGER 


These days too many Young Men feel that once they get 
their Doctorate at Harvard and put in a few short years of 
study at the Princeton Institute for Advanced Research, they'll 
immediately be besicgcd by Employers cager to offer them 
lucrative positions as T.V. Repair Men or District Political 
Leaders. Not so! Competition in all fields has never been 
keener. Good intentions are not enough. The key to Success 
in both the business and the social world is Self Confidence! 

Did you know that millions of people realize only 10% of 
their capacity for Leadership and Business Success because 
they're shy and lack Self Confidence? Does this mean you? 
Do you cringe and snivel and have silly feelings of "inferi- 
ority" when you meet people merely because they are physi- 
cally and mentally superior to you. 

Of course you do! If you had anything on the ball you 
wouldn't be reading this type of article. 

I can help you. 

I can show you how to get rid of the lousy personality you 
now have and build a new, dominating, magnetic personality 
that will change your whole life. 

A few years ago I met a Young Man who was so shy that 
whenever he had a business meeting with an Important Bank 
President or a date with a glamorous Movie Star he would 
be unable to think of anything to say and would sit nervously 
twisting buttons off his clothing (or theirs) and chipping 
pieces from the furniture with a small hatchet which he 
carried about for that purpose. 

This Young Man did not make a Good Impression! 

I invited him to iny office, made sure that he was standing 
a safe distance from my mahogany desk, and had a Talk with 
him. I convinced this Young Man that he should apply my 
"Five Rules for Building a Positive Personality." Today that 
Young Man is successfully holding down an important job as 
à free-lance Uranium Prospector. 

You can do the same by following rhe "Five Rules"—five 
logical, common sense suggestions that will work Personality 
Magic. Here they are. 


RULE 1. Eliminate all signs of self doubt. 


Rule 1 is the Basic Rule. Once you have mastered и the 
others will come easy. And you cam master it by applying 
POSITIVISTIC PSYCHOLOGY. Start now by saying to 
yourself (no matter how ridiculous it may seem аг first): "I 
am just as good at the next fellow. I am just as good as the 


50 


ХА АО Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


next fellow." After saying it to yourself for a while start say- 
ing it to the Next Fellow. And if possible, го the fellow next 
to the Next Fellow. This will not only bolster your ego but 
will also help you make many valuable "contacts." 

Constantly tell yourself (and the Next Fellow) that you 
are (a) brainey (b) witty (с) virile (d) rich (е) Napoleon 
Ronaparte* 

This will help you acquire the art of POSITIVE CON- 
VERSATION and enable you to talk interminably about 
what Y OU did today, what Y OU had for lunch, how YOUR 
car runs, etc, etc. Remember you cannot convince yourself 
that you're Important unless you convince other people first. 

If, in the beginning, you have trouble finding anyone who 
will listen to you, frequent public conveyances such as busses 
and elevators which afford less chance of escape. 


RULE 2. Radiate energy and vitality. 


Мо one responds to a negative idea. Always think and 
ACT positively. When you enter a room—move fast. Slap 
people on the back unexpectedly. Pummell them with your 
elbows, grip their lapels, poke them forcefully with your 
forefinger to emphasize points. If you have no point to em- 
phasize poke them anyway. LET THEM KNOW YOU'RE 
THERE! 

The type of Positive Activism is most important when 
you are meeting new people. First Impressions will last for 
years and the quickest way го make a First Impression (i.e. 
to impress the other party first before he impresses you) is to 
develop a Dynamic Handshake. One thar people will re- 
member. If you're so feeble your normal grip feels like a half 
pound of beef liver, be ingenious. An electric buzzer or a 
warm chocolate cream concealed in the palm of the hand 
will often be more effective than a purely muscular clutch. 


RULE 3. Always talk down to people. 


Talking down to people puts them in their place. It is a 
Must for the truly Self Confident person. It’s a cinch that 
you dont have enough knowledge or wit co talk down to 
people intellectually, so talk down to them physically. When 
you get into a conversation—stand on a chair. 

You'd be surprised how this simple device will give you a 


‘Regarding (c) you'll avoid complications if you tell this only to 


yourself. 


WANT BY THINKING POSI- 

BY LEARNING MY FIVE RULES 
AND UNBELIEVABLE POSITIVE | 
YOU ACHIEVE SUCCESS 


PRICE 


sense of power and authority, Especially if you punctuate 
your monologue with Dynamic expressions such as: “Get иг” 
"Dont interrupi!", "Pay attention!” and “Paste that in your 
hat and smoke it!” 

Practice this method of Positive speaking constantly. It 
will develop your self assurance, your vocabulary and your 
sense of balance. It may also ger you elected to the Strate 
Legislature. 


RULE 4. Convince yourself that you are irresistible to the 
Opposite Sex. 


Considering the way you probably look, this will take some 

doing. So until you're firmly convinced it's a good idea to 
turn all the mirrors in your home to the wall. I, personally, 
have found this simple device an invaluable aid in making 
Rule 4 a Way of Life. A few treatments by a reputable hyp- 
notist may also be helpful. In extreme cases it may even he 
necessary to lace your morning breakfast cereal with a table- 
spoon of mcscalin. This may seem like a lor of trouble bur 
Results are what count! And you will find that Rule 4, once 
mastered, will do wonders for your self esteem. In no time at 
all you'll find yourself spontaneously jostling and pinching 
and making worth ‘while Rude Remarks whenever a female 
appears. 
(NOTE: If you are a Female you may ignore Rule 4 as no 
matter what they look like all Females from the age of six on 
automatically consider themselves to be irresistible to the 
Opposite Sex, Unfortunately they are correct in this assump- 
tion.) 


RULE 5. Curing yourself of shyness is not enough. To achieve 
top results you must succeed in making other people 
feel insecure. 


This may seem like a difficult problem in human relations 
but it's actually child's play if you concentrate and apply the 
basic principles of Social Engineering. First, study everyone 
with whom you come in contact and then point out their 
weaknesses, frankly and honestly. An attitude of unmitigated 
Sincerity is essential to Rule 5. You may find that squinting 
the left eye and curling the right side of the upper lip will be 
helpful. Vice-versa if you are left handed. 

For instance, here is how Rule 5 works. Before getting 
down to business with that Prospect you're trying to clinch 


a Dig Deal with— SET THE STAGE! Tell the Prospect chat 
he should do something about the unsightly hair on his ears. 
Point out that his tattersal vest is in bad taste and mention 
that wearing a tight belt merely emphasizes his protruding 
stomach instead of concealing it. Suggest a Dentist who can 
certainly make him a set of more natural looking bridge- 
work. Make a joke about the amount of dandruff you can see 
on his head from your vantage point (you, of course, are 
standing on your chair. Rule 3). 

By this time he will be so nervous that by comparison you 
will seem to be a veritable mountain of pulsating Self Con- 
fidence. 

He may throw you out of his office but he will admire your 
poise and self assurance. 


Эч 


1. This man is Self-Confident. He 
has learned the "Five Rules" that 
work Personality Magic. 2. This 


man has not developed his Personal 
Magnetism by Thinking Positively. 
He has not learned the "Five Rules", 


CONCLUSION: You now have the secrets that will give you 
access to untapped reservoirs of vitality and self-reliance. Un- 
til today you have been worried because you were unsuccess- 
ful and had no friends and didn't know why. Put these Five 
Rules to work and this will all be changed. 

You may still be unsuccessful and have no friends but 
from now on—you'll know why! 

Carry on. END 


51 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Here is Burt Lambaster and Gary Chicken- 
cooper in one of the quieter scenes out 
of VERA'S CRUZ during a quiet lull 
in one of the less active scenes showing 
one of the quieter scenes of the picture. 


CHICKENCOOPER 


THERE WAS THIS COUNTRY THEY DISCOVERED AND 
THE RULER NAMED IT AFTER HIS DAUGHTER NAMED 
VERA WHO WAS TAKING AN OCEAN TRIP. SO THIS 
PICTURE IS NAMED FOR COUNTRY NAMED FOR 
DAUGHTER’S OCEAN TRIP SO WHAT THIS NAME 15 Is... 


“VERA S CRUZ’ 


And now MAD reviews a movie picture which we believe you 
will want to see very much. You will want to see it be- 
cause it has a message... because it has history of the mak- 
ing of the Southern Hemisphere... because it has a fine 
message about political ideologies... because it is educa- 
tional... and mainly because и has good lookin’ dames. 
Anyhow, to get back to the main part... the way this pic- 


turc begins is, it tells how after the Civil War, soldiers- 
of Fortune come into Mexico looking for loot. Some come in 


а 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, In 


gangs and оте... соте... alone. So at this point you get 
this shor of ol’ Gary Chickencooper slowly riding from a- 
way in the distance across the plains...and from the way 
he rides, you know he's à good guy and is not riding for 
mercenary reasons like the other soldiers-of-fortune. And 
from the way he looks, you know he is riding alone becausc 
he is not afraid and he is quick on the draw...and from 


the way he smells you know he is riding alone because some- 
where along the way he has had a run-in with a pole-cac. 


= 


He finally reaches chis cantina full of this messy bunch 
of American soldiers-of-fortune. They think he's wearing 
perfume. By contrast to them. polecat smell ts perfume! 


They try to cut his face with the end of a bottle, but 
сапт. Says one: "Never saw a man couldn't be cut with a 
broken bottle!" Says other: "Oh Aa? it's gotta be broken?” 


Meanwhile, Burt Lambaster, smashing a ^ He's grimy from head to toe, and has Lamb. means business. He needs gun- 
soldier-ot-tortune in the teeth just а dazzling white sneer. He don't wash slingers so he talks business. They 


for fun, walks in. Boy is he dirty! bur, WOW! does 


Chickencooper joins Lambaster's gang but outside in the 
square there is a big argument who's leader of the gang. 
No wonder they don't like Americans in other countries! 


he brush teeth! discuss latest Dow-Jones averages. 
m ЕХ 


No wonder they say "Yankee go home!" Anyhow now comes 
a terrific scene where Lambaster, with back turned, draws his 
gun fast as lightning and shoots from behind his back! 


A IGA L 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


See how terrific he is? The two guys he shor at didnt even Naturally he misses! .. . as if anybody could shoot a pistol 
see him draw that way and before they knew what was happen- behind their back without lining up sights. Lambaster makes 
ing, Burt Lambaster whipped off two shots behind his back. а deal with Seezer Romeo, Emperor Maxamillion's agent 


Romeo takes Lambaster's gang to meet You can spot them every time with the — "These!" answers Lamb., holding up his 
Emperor. Amidst the court, rhe Ameri- cameras and loud ties. "What have you shiny, lever-action rifle! “You have the 
cans by their dress are very apparent, got to help us?" asks Maxamillion. new Winchester?" Exclaims Maxamil'. 


"No!" we have the new Daisy!" exclaims Lambaster, "the 100 With that, Lambaster and Chickencooper start blazing away 
shot BB gun." "What can it do?" exclaims Max. "Watch that in the direction of the long row of dancing elusive flames 
line of torches being held by servants!" exclaims Lamb. at the tops of the torches being held by the attendants. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


The eyes of the noblemen and women open in astonishment at By George, they don't miss а single one, and when the fir- 
the most remarkable display of marksmanship they've ever ing is over every onc of the dancing attendants lie still 
seen as each shor strikes its dancing target unerringly. on the marble patio. That's proof enough for Maxamillion 


He hires Americans as bodyguard ro escort Denice Parcel Chickencooper norices carriage Denice Parcel rides in sinks 
through rebel territory... when they see her body three exceptionally deep into the mud. "She és a trifal plump.” 
Americans get trampled rushing to gward. The caravan starts. Gary Chickencooper muses as carriage sinks out of sight. 


Lambaster's animal cunning under the carriage floor And Chickencooper's animal Only two such herocs could 
leads to stable that night Thar; why carriage was cunning leads Рип to stable have such animal powers of 
where he finds gold coin. heavy. A noise! He hides. where he finds gold coin. deduction. A noise! He hides 


гу Z^ 


| 


ЖА АТ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


By George, Denice Рагсе гоо Next comes Seezer Romeo Next comes general of whole Next, the whole furshluggi- 
has made subtle discovery whohasalso figured out about brigade of Emperor's Royal ner brigade of Emperor's Roy- 
about gold coin. She hides, gold coin. Romeo too hides, Lancers ... General hides. al Lancers. Everybody hides! 


; 
The caravan rolls again. Larceny rides with it. Lambaster Suddenly, as they pass through a narrow village street, 
is afraid Miss Parcel will divulge gold secret; her voice they see а road-block ahead. It is hard to tell whether 
from the carriage, counting, giggling, counting again. it is the rebel force or the Con Edison Electric Company. 


Rifles suddenly appear in windows and on rooftops! The en- Horses and men mill about trying to break through trap. A 
ету! A rebel upon roof draws a bead on Lambaster. Chicken- rebel upon roof draws a bead on Chickencooper. Lambaster 
cooper fires and rebel collapses and topples off parapet. fires and the rebel collapses and topples off the parapet. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


A rebel on the ground draws 
a bead on Lambaster. Chick- 
encooper fires and the rebel... staggers through doorway climbs up ladder to roof and topples off parapet. 


After all, toppling off parapets is much more entertaining Justice triumphs. Right conquors. When robbers who'd rob 
then when they just lay down and die... Anyhow Lambast- treasure are left far enough behind, our heroes halt in or- 
er and Chickencooper get past road block with the carriage. der to rob carriage themselves. The carriage is...empty! 


They have been tricked! As Chickencooper and Lambaster by force of habit always stares into guns...to inspect for 

turn, they find themselves staring into the guns of the lint. Anyhow, here comcs most breath taking scene of pic 

rebel soldiers. Chickencooper is a former army officer... гиге where Chicken. and Lamb. look up on the hills around. 
А Е he ^16 ү. == 


58 


ХА АУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


And, looking down on them, а grim unbroken rank of thousands of rebels standing on their fect... Hu oh! What's this? 


45 Ў = Ls 
2222 


One rebel stands on his bead, Scene is ruined. Tense scene Не barks out short, quick "Boo." Trick works. Rebels are 
ensues. Rebels know if Lambaster and Chickencooper choose thrown into confusion. Five rebels collapse and topple off 
to fight, they, rebels, might well lose. Lambaster acts! parapet. They know who's got top billing in this picture! 


Chickencooper, in order to  Lambaster joins the rebels Denice Parcel (where's she Melvin Coznowski plans to 
get the gold, doublecrosses but to get gold, plans to come from?), to get gold, doublecross everybody, but 
the Emperor and joins rebels. doublecross Chickencooper. plans to doublecross Lamb. was killed in first reel. 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Next comes big fight scene climax where Americans help reb- Scene fixes all troubles of picture. All bad guys get kill- 
els storm fort inside which Seezer Romeo is holed up with ed. Where girl has two lovers, one gets killed. Good guy 
gold. What a scene...men falling off parapets like rain! who committed crime and has to pay, gracefully gets killed. 


g d ^ v Nn € d . 
и TG 4 


The good guys win. All is still except for one bad guy who Though they're both good guys, Lambaster is bad good guy. 
missed getting killed, has co kill himself. Now comes the However they're both the quickest and the bestest on the 
tensest part: Lambaster and Chickencooper must fight it out. draw. Now comes big question... who's the mostest bestest? 


Naturally, you hope Chicken- 
cooper wins...so they show 
Lambaster blasting away... with a smile on his face... he twirls and holsters gun. — ...turns and walks away... 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Gocs upstairs to wash ир... shaves...dresscs...and as... you're convinced he won. he falls on his face dead! 


AW TA 


Pretty good, hah? You thought it's 
Chickencooper who was shot but actu- 
ally її was Lambaster who was shot. 
Don't it make you feel good all over? 

Anyhow, that’s the way it cnds. 
Chickencooper gets everything... The 
treasure, top billing, and the girl... 
by George, we forgot all about the girl, 
Sarita Vavavoom. She is a beautiful 
peasant girl who battles for the rebel 
cause. Unlike most, she is not interested 
in personal motive and profit. Her 
morals transcend these petty things and 
seek the higher ideals that make people 
do noble and fine things. Therefore it 
is easy to see Chickencooper's attraction 
to her... that's right: sex! 

As we were saying, Chickencooper 
gets gold coins and in the last scene 
we see him and Miss Vavavoom together 
and alone at last in the most passion- 
ate scene of the whole movie. We see 
them passionately, madly, rearing the 
gilt-tinfoil wrappers off of these gold 
coins and devouring the milk chocolate 
contents. For these gold-covered choc- 
alate coins аге Gary Chickencooper's 
favorite type of candy! 

Chickencooper then gets up, goes 
upstairs to wash, shaves, dresses, and 
falls on his face dead. For you see, it’s 
really Chickencooper who's shor. 


END 


ЖАД) Copyright © 2006 Бу Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


of 
HEADACHE 
NEURITIS 


the way thousands of 
physicians and dentists recommend, 
HERE'S WHY . Anosprin is like o doctor's 
Prescription, That is, Anasprin conteins not 
jus! one bu! o combination of medicolly 
proven ingredients...and by George, if 
you hed to read the advertisement this for, 
toke something for your memory too ‘couse 
we've told this messoge so many times, you 
should know i! by heort, 


PICTOQUIZ ANSWERS. 
No looking till you finish! 
}281020) Áq ‘uo Fury pəssəjq Е 
әлец зорі ‘2213214 aya jo 3592 ay) 
изә oA ppnoys под iSunpoN-91 
"utumaN 9 рәү (р) —$1 2—09 
pese (q)—p]'2510q* (v) —C [Ur 
-dumd (2) —z] 'ueuməN q разу 
(р)—11 ‘199944 зи пет] в 
(р) (2) —01 ‘pang ерту (p)— 
6 uonu»oz (9) —9 'uvumoN "Я 
рәү (p)—4 ‘1450209 1011 
(9) —9 20114 popurunidi (4) —$ 

осол jor (2) —р urunoN 
д рәү (p)—¢ ‘#шцѕпа say 
‘Sund 1,08: 3H—7 “staquinyd aya 
шо; adid pray pro urqous $әҢ 
‘adid y (v)—]| ( 29 әде aag) 


WHEN THE TALK 
TURNS TO BOOKS 
DO YOU FIND 
YOURSELF SAYING: 


“HOO HAH?” 


Then you need THE MAD 
READER! Made by the same 
crazed minds that produce 
MAD (the bible of the fi- 
nancial world) THE MAD 
READER is a book to read 
and treasure as a keepsake. 
Afterwards it can be used for 
wrapping fish. 


THE MAD READER 


35¢ takes one home 


Ballentine Books 
404 Fifth Ave. N. Y. 


62 


1 This gentleman is puffing upon: 
(a) a pipe (c) a cigarette 
(b) a cigar (d) a hookah 


3 This notorious face belongs to: 
(a) Joseph Stalin (c) Pablo Picasso 
(b) King Farouk (9) Alfred E. Neuman 


"A ^ Әд CN = جي‎ 
5 You would refer to this machine as: 
(a) zorchtron (c) veeblefetzer 
(b) right-handed blinz (d) fortney 


7 Do you recognize this view of: 


(c) spilt ink 
(d) The Taj Mahal 


(а) a dark night 
(b) an unlit tunnel 


U | Z 


2 Here we have a man pulling on a: 
(с) zygodactyl 
(d) potrzebie 


(a) quircitron 
(b) xiphisternum 


4 This game is popularly known as: 
(a) By) Aéyexat (€) pol na&vtas 


(b) teSepaneto8a (d) &тобё®пкє 


6 A familiar face to all is this man: 
(a) Lafayette (c) Winston Churchill 
(b) Eliot Coznowski (d) Simon Bolivar 


8 You would refer to this machine as a: 
(a) zorchtron (c) veeblefetzer 
(b) right-handed blinz (d) fortney 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


To test your skill at recognizing pictures of people places 
and things, and mainly to make you feel extra smart, try 
this Pictoquiz. Score 25 for cach correct answer. Divide 
total by 7; add square root of 3 minus squared. A score 
of ' is passing; 652 is good, У 183 or above is excellent. 


10 You'd refer to this machine as a: 
(a) zorchtron (с) veeblefetzer 
(b) right-handed blinz (d) fortney 


9 Very popular in face and fiqure is: 
(a) Cleopatra (с) Marylin Monroe 
(b) Kate Smith (d) Wanda Furd 


11 How many recognize !he child: 
(a) W. A. Mozar! (c) Nap. Bonaparte 
(Ы Isaac Newton (4) Melvin Sturdley 


12 We all eat this vegetable called: 
(a) radish (c) pumpkin 
(b) lettuce (d) sweat-socks 


13 This farm animal is always called: 
(a) a horse (c) a fish 
(b) a chicken (d) a tarantula 


14 How many of you have ridden in a: 
(a) droshky (c) elevator 
(b) sail-boat (d) electric chair 


16 This beautiful model is wearing a: 
(a) chignon (c) pien forte et dure 
(b) tout va bien (d) e pluribus unum 


15 Some of you will recognize this: 


(a) Martian 
(b) Saturnian 


(c) Jupiterian 
(d) Earthian 


Answers on page 62 


Are you walking around 
like a 


HUMAN 
QUESTION MARK? 


СА 


BEFORE: Thi womon lelt AFTER: Then she ao! o Rub- 
tired, looked unattractive, babon foundation gorment 
wore old wrinkled founda and now is full of pep, girdie 
Поп gorments...and stood ironed, hcod vp, provd, 
bent ond sogav. eipeciolly shoulders bock while posing 
while this candid picture wos for this portrait picture 
token 


It all goes to prove what we're trying to 
prove and what we're trying to prove 
is very simply that...a carefully re- 
touched, posed portrait is much better 
than a candid picture. 

Yes... your Rubbaban Foundation will 
solve your every figure problem whether 
it be sags, bulges or income tax. You'll 
feel wonderfully poised, confident, rich, 
successful, famous. 


mail coupon today for your FREE booklet. 


How to make the most 

of your figure. This 

booklet tells you 

simply how to get рр.) 
fat. Remember, 
you can squeeze 
back those un- 
sightly bulges 
with your 
RUBBABAN 


Your Pip А ku 
y 


Mark your figure problem on the coupon 
below and sendit in to us. 
ل ما — — — س‎ — — => — сез сз 
on right 15 me (If no fig- 


1123 I have marked my figure | 
| ure Is checked, enclosed is 


problem. Checked figure | 
п о [ugh]rough sketch of me) і 


| 
| 
Сл ПИЩЕ км | 
MAIL. ТО RURRARAN | 
| 


| 
| 
| Address 
| 
| 


2 Waystretch St.. Whalebo, N. D. 


I RUBBABAN-—-—--- 


63 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


In these danger periods 


И ГА 
YOUR SKIN DIES А LITTLE 


There are periods, doctors say, when your danger signals of “shin unbalance" are 
skin № in danger—open to such serious immediately after you wash your face ог 
troubles as stretched pores... coursened take un overdose of sleeping tablets. У our 
texture «cracking, "Shriveling." These defenseless skin "dies" a lime... 


Read how great beauties of the sacial 
world prevent the damaging effects of 
skin "un-balance" 


After each washing — 
"re-balance? 


Whether you're in your teens or your for- 
ties, you can notice these little warning 
signals of skin "un-balance" after wash- 
ing your face — 


—Flakiness ...a blotchy look 
—your skin “burns”... feels dry, 
stretched tight. 
skin dics a little ,..a whitish- 
green color. 


What do skin specialists advise? Should 
you stop washing your face? Not at all. 
"Wash your face, of course," they say— 
"only when you do...use water. And 
after each washing, 're-balance' your skin 
instantly...” 

No woman can afford to ignore this 
vital after-washing skin care with the ex- 
cuse: “Just too busy" or “It’s too late for 
results to show” or “the house is on fire.” 
А "re-balancing" application of Pund's 
Cold Cream will take you only a few sec- 
onds—far less time than "re-balancing" 
your mind. 


And always—a deep clearing at Bedtime 


Besides "re-balancing" after each wash- 
ing, your skin needs a thorough clearing 
with cream each night. A deep Pund's 
Cold Creaming dislodges water-resistant 
dirt and rocks from the pores. 

Start now! Begin this wonderfully sim- 
ple, effective beauty care with Pund's 
Cold Cream today. After each washing— 
a quick "re-balancing." After dinner, an 
"un-balancing" and then a clearing. At 
bed-time—a deep "re-balancing" and final- 
ly into a bathtub full of Pund's for a deep 
"un-balancing" “rebalancing” clearing. 


Camembert, Duchess of Fromage 


The Duchess, photographed in her charming Riviera penthouse, is noted for her ех, 
quisite complexion, About her skin care, she says, “I always use Pund’s. I am careful 
The world's most famous beauty formula... tu give myself а good ‘rebalancing’ of Pund's after washing and a deep ‘un-balancing’ 
*re-balancing! cleansing ut bedtime and Г sleep all night in a large vat of Pund’s.” 


never duplicated, never equalled, And what 
that formula is, is good-looks. Get a large 
jar or tank-car size of Pund's, 


64 
Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Never before a bandage that sticks like this! 


(just like woolen underwear) 


Elder 


Merely touch our plastic strip to a dry egg without pressure, Even when you plunge your finger into boiling water and lift 
it sticks so firmly you can lift the egg. It stays on even when it out again, it stays on. Most marvelous discovery for boiling 
you plunge the egg into boiling water and lift it out again. — eggs. No more cracked shells and boiling-over egg white scum 


= BINDAIG ~ Super-Sticky 
Plastic Strips Eu 


No other bandage 
sticks to dry eggs i 


so well. 


оных & © сех 


Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


8 | А еу When Im eating Jell-y 
А í E ED ^» 


..because apes dont 
eat Jell-y "specially 

with spoons, Apes eat 
joints of bamboo-shoot 

or insects, Jell-y: ...Yarrgh! 


Nows the time for 


SAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


