» - — 
— (Za = = 
E 二 14 Pp Ў | — — =< 
| Ñ М 
۲ / SS NS š N 
M Š SSS ۱ ` 
4 \ / ~ = 
4 SS 
2 é E = 
HE | 2 7 | 
|| ü 9 / 
Wf 
۶ 7 
2 7 
= 2 4 ۹ 
4 
j 
у 
° | 
А. 
eof 
1 


PEOPLE, EVENTS 
AND THINGS 


k Ñ 
| \ 
w 


ELECTED! | 


Go MAD for 
the Holidays! 


Give a 
GIFT SUBSCRIPTION to the 
world's dumbest magazine 
for only $14.99! 


Save 58% off the cover price! 


Celebrate the silliness of the season 
by giving a year's worth of MAD (six issues) for 
our special rate of $14.99! That's $5 less than 
$19.99 and a whopping $100 less than $114.99! 
(We could keep going but you get the idea!) 


CALL 1-800-4-MADMAG (USE CODE: 7CLSPSB) 
OR LOG ON TO: MadMagazine.com/Holiday16 


A SPECIAL NOTE TO MAD SUBSCRIBERS: 
In this season of reflection, please do not reflect too deeply on your decision to subscribe. 


yj ANOTHER BRAINLESS ISSUE or. 


AD S 
Ж Z W 
AI ç 


(Add $10/year for each Canadian recipient; $12/year if the recipient is outside the U.S. or Canada.) 
Your gift subscription will start with the first issue of the new year. Additional gift subscriptions are $14.99 each. 
Hurry! Offer expires 3/15/2017. 


There's no 
“и in "team" = 
but how many athletes 
these days can 
even spell? 


NUMBER 543 


Depa rt ments FEBRUARY 2017 


d "3 THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


1 PLANE NONSENSE DEPARTMENT 
“Silly” (A MAD Movie Satire) 


1 JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 


Spy vs. Spy 


18 MAKE AMERICA GRATE AGAIN DEPARTMENT 
When Congress is Influenced by 
the Parmesan Lobby 


19 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Commuting 


Д7 NECKELODEON DEPARTMENT‏ جن 
One Day at the Doctor's Office‏ 4 | 


50 IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPARTMENT 


53 PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Strip Club 

56 OUT WITH THE OLD, IN WITH THE NEUMAN > 
DEPARTMENT i 
The Gap-Toothed Gallery >>>. 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 
“Drawn Out Dramas” 
by Sergio Aragonés 


. Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
@ copyright 2016 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, P.0. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. А similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


AWARDS TO THE UNWISE 


Great honors were bestowed upon legendary MAD-men Sergio 
Aragonés and Angelo Torres — despite their decades-long asso- 
ciation with this magazine! At the Comics Crossroads Columbus 
festival, Sergio was given the Master Cartoonist Award (a title 
he's certain to lord over us for the rest of our days) and Angelo 
was given the Milton Caniff Lifetime Achievement Award by the 
National Cartoonists Society! Congratulations, guys! 


BOLD-FACE LIES 


I have been wondering what the deal is with all these 
bold-faced words in MAD. I have come to the conclusion 
that this magazine has always been a vocabulary resource 
masquerading itself as a “humor” magazine to get people 
to read who would not otherwise bother to read anything 
else. Come on — admit your dirty little secret. 


Nick Italia • New York, NY 


Nick in the Head — Sometimes these letters really hit on a sore 
spot for us. We actually do get this question quite often — and 
we're flattered that you attribute it to a noble intention like 
vocabulary-building (speaking of which, congratulations on using 
“masquerading” — you must be so exhausted from the effort)! 
Sadly, it's just a result of the fact that we use computers so 
outdated and crappy, they arbitrarily put words in bold — and 
there's nothing we can do about it! Have you ever had an Amish 
visitor mock your computer? It's humiliating! We're sorry about 
the random bolding; it really makes us feel like unprofessional 
idiots! Still, we always like getting conscientious letters — so 
thank you for writing! —Ed. 


SOIL AND TROUBLE 


I was reading Letters and Tomatoes, and in issue #536 you 
told one of your writers that MAD was so terrible that any- 
one who actually read it would toss it in his or her compost 
heap. WHAT? Can I actually compost this trash?!? Imagine 
all the space we could save at the landfill, because I’m sure 
MAD takes up at least half if not more of that space. To 
the compost box I go! 


Angie Kennedy ۰ Montreal, Quebec 


Raggedy Angie — Yes, you can indeed compost MAD — but fair 
warning: anything grown in a garden nourished by decomposed 
MADs is guaranteed to be misshapen, stunted and extremely 
foul-tasting. Studies have also shown that MAD-fed produce is 
65% dumber than regular produce! It's unclear whether or not 
that stupidity would carry over to the person who ate it — but 
in your case, it obviously wouldn't make much of a difference! 
Happy composting! —Ed. 


Letters and 
Tomatoes : 


KNOW PAIN, NO GAIN 


Гуе just read MAD #542 — which was absolutely terrible by the 

way — and I don't understand why I keep buying this bi-monthly 
rubbish time after time. You would think that after 30 years of this 
self-inflicted abuse, I would finally give it up. But it would seem that I 
can't and I'm not sure why! Am I a masochist who enjoys feeling pain 
while reading each and every page of your magazine, or am I just plain 
dumb? Thanks for your help! 


Michael Corbin • Hanover, PA 


Shaken to the Corbin — We don't know you at all, but we're 100% certain 

the reason for your problem (and all your problems, really) is that you're "just 
plain dumb." We don't know what you are, but we're definitely NOT masochists 
— so we're going to stop responding to you now. Thanks for reading! —Ed. 


PRIORITY 22 


Hooray for MAD! You only had one drawing of poop in #542! That is 
a recent record. Much better than the previous issue, which had poop 
right on the cover. (I threw it away rather than leaving it on my coffee 
table. No poop with my coffee.) 


Tom Neely • Grand Rapids, MI 


Neely Rabbit, Trix Are For Kids — Wait... your rule is "no poop with my coffee"? 
Do you not understand how coffee works?!? Good luck with THAT policy, 
chief! Anyway, maybe you're right and we ARE obsessed with poop — but it 
could be worse. At least we're not some deranged, constipated coffee drinker 
who keeps records of how often poop appears in MAD. That'd be the behavior 
of a true deviant poopophile. —Ed. 


A MAN OF AUCTION 


Whether it's a scam “university,” bankrupted casinos or a disgust- 
ing presidential campaign, Donald Trump loves putting his name on 
worthless crap — so it was only a matter of time before his name 
appeared on MAD! A copy of MAD #537, with Trump's "certified" 
signature, could be yours for just $400 on the website shown below! We 
didn't think a copy of MAD could be made any worse — but live and learn! 


VahageSale 


GARDNER, KS SWAP SHOP 


Item description 


Mad magazine autographed by Donald 


Trump our possible next president of the 
United States certified autographed ver 


rare 


Psa dna certified Donald Trump mad 
magazine very rare auto 


Asking $400 Posted by 


Posted in 


People, Even ' s 
and Things 


GOURD HAVE MERCY! 


Chris James sent in a picture of his MAD bumper sticker-adorned 
jack-o-lantern creation. If ever there were a pumpkin that was 
begging to be set on fire, this is it! 


TYPE DREAMS 


Ilove your magazine and I buy one every time it comes 
out. I think Гуе been brainwashed since I first got my 
dad's old issues for Christmas. I thought I got duped at 
first but then I read the magazine and got hooked. How 
are you a gang of idiots if you can type perfectly well? 

I find it's one of those odd mysteries of life that ГЇЇ 
never fully understand. 


Jack Hageman * Acworth, GA 


Orange is the New Jack — Yes, life is indeed mysterious — often- 
times, we find ourselves at our desks, rubbing our chins, thinking, 
"What the heck is the point of this rambling letter from Jack 
Hageman of Acworth, Georgia?" Is it that you want to 

know how an idiot "can type perfectly well"? 

If that's the case, it shouldn't be too puzzling — 
your letter was very nicely typed. Thanks 
for writing, dum-dum! —Ed. 


CAPITAL PUNISHMENT 


I am 13 and have been subscribing for about two years. 
MAD has made me think and ask questions, mainly about 
how you're still in business or why you haven't figured out 
that you could double your profits if you branded MAD as 
toilet paper. My main question is, why is MAD all capitalized? 
Is it supposed to be said loudly when spoken? Or is it an 
acronym, for example Mediocre Antics Department or Mak- 
ers of Amateurish Derisions? Seriously though, your maga- 
zine is the best magazine in the whele world! pretty good. 


Skyler Hoffman • Durham, NC 


Vanilla Skyler — To answer your questions: 1) We're still in busi- 
ness because we swore we'd keep printing until we received an 
intelligent letter — and thanks to you, our doors must stay open 
another day! 2) No toilet paper company wants to be tarnished by 
an association with MAD — the stuff on MAD's paper is far worse 
than anything that's ever wound up on toilet paper! And 3) You're 
right, it's an acronym — and it's easy to remember! MAD stands 
for "publishers of moronic letters froM 13-year-old durhAm, north 
carolina iDiots"! Think on that one, why doncha? —Ed. 


ADDRESS REHEARSAL 


I just wrote a letter saying how long it has been since I read your maga- 
zine, not since the days of Dave Berg and Don Martin, I said. The letter 
was nothing special, and I really don't think it's worth publishing, but 
then I noticed in the magazine that you have the right to publish what- 
ever you receive. If that's the case, and if you must, please put me down 
as being from Chicago, Illinois, and NOT Lindsay, Ontario. Thanks. 


Ariel Lerner • Chicago, IL 


Slow Lerner — You're absolutely right: your first letter was nothing special, and 
was definitely not worth publishing. But your second letter is a different story 
entirely! Why are you so secretive about your actions in Lindsay, Ontario? What 
did you do there, Ariel? At 7-Eleven, did you take a penny, and not give a penny 
in return? Did you toss an aluminum soda can in the garbage, when a clearly 
marked recycling bin was just a few steps away? Did you murder a cloister of 
kind-hearted nuns with a rusty hatchet? Whatever heinous thing you've done, you 
can rest easy in whatever spider hole you're hiding out in: as you can see above, 
we've clearly stated that you're from Chicago — NOT Lindsay, Ontario! —Ed. 


TRYING TO SWEDEN THE DEAL 


IKEA proved themselves to be the treacherous, underhanded Swedes 
we've always known them to be when they blatantly ripped off MAD's AI 
Jaffee! For a new contest they'll create а toy based on a child's design 一 
an idea a little too similar to Al's classic piece "If Kids Designed Their Own 
Xmas Toys” from MAD #76 (1963). Sadly, this isn't the first time something 
like this has happened. А! has fought a decades-long legal battle alleging 
that IKEA's Penninggras couch cushion was based on his Fold-in from MAD 
#216! (A claim that the country's finest legal minds have called "preposter- 
ous" and "startlingly stupid" — but that's not the point!) 


SOFT TOY HOME 


DRAWING COMPETITION 
Kids designing for kids 


“Kids designing for kids" in 2016 (above) and in 1963 (below) 


THEIR OW nis TOS 


HEY WANTED DEPT. 


3 


A ROKiT SHIP 


5 
вућасте WALD, Два t$ 


A PRETTY Dotty. 
Е s, 8 


Letters and WRITING WRONGS 
(Ed.'s note: The letter below came to us via MAD's Legal Dept.) 


I am now writing one letter a day for September and 
October to MAD Magazine trying to get them to publish 
one of my letters. If I am not successful in getting them to 
publish even one letter, do you think MAD would mind if 
ALFRED I publish the letters to MAD somewhere else as "rejects" 
LOOK- ALIKE from MAD? I have seen a book of rejected cartoons from 
The New Yorker so this would be similar. Do I need your 
Quynn Larden Passeri sent in permission? Thank you for your consideration. 
this picture (taken by Nicky 
Dunlop) of her nephew Rhus. 
Quunn points out that she's 
Rhus' favorite aunt. Seems 
like you probably just forfeited 


that title, auntie! 


Daniel S. Weinberg • Chicago, IL 


| | Wein and Dine 一 500000 — we've printed your letter... in which 

you ask what you can do if we don't print your letter. Did we just 

solve this problem? Did the universe just collapse onto itself? 

Just to be clear, though — you're suggesting a book of "rejects" 

from MAD? As in, things that weren't good enough to appear in 

| MAD? As if such a thing exists! Thanks for writing...and writing 
and writing and writing! —Ed. 


READER ALERT 


Did you have your letter printed in this issue? Don't despair — it's not 
ALL bad news! In addition to the shame of appearing in our pages, you'll 
receive some truly excellent swag/consolation prizes! You'll get Kelly: The 
Cartoonist America Tums To by MAD's own Ward Sutton and Stan Kelly, 
from our chums at Yoe Books and IDW; Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Double Down, 
from our pals at Amulet Books; The DC Comics Encyclopedia: All-New 
Edition, courtesy of our buds at DK; and a Blu-ray of Batman: Return of the 
Caped Crusaders from our amigos at Warner Home Video! So what are you 
waiting for? Write a letter to MAD — the indignity comes with rewards! 


y THE CARTOONIST 
x ERICA 
TURNS TO, 


THE DC COMICS 


ENCYCLOPEDIA 


۲۴00۳۷۲۲۱۷۴ GUDE ro THE CHARACTERS OF me oc ме. 


STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT, AND CIRCULATION 


1. Publication Title: MAD. 2. Publication No.: 324-520. 3. Filing Date: September 30, 2016. 4. Issue Frequency: Bimonthly. 5. Number of Issues Published Annually: 6. 6. Annual Subscription Price: $19.99. 7. Complete Mailing Address of Known 
Office of Publication: MAD, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. Contact Person: James Sokolowski. Telephone: (818) 954-2207. 8. Complete Mailing Address of Headquarters or General Business Office of Publisher: MAD 
Magazine/DC Comics, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. 9. Full Names and Complete Mailing Addresses of Publisher, Editor, and Managing Editor: Publishers: Dan Didio and Jim Lee, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, 
NY 10019. Editor: John Ficarra, MAD, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. Managing Editor: John Ficarra, MAD, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. 10. Owner: E.C. Publications, Inc., wholly owned by Time 
Warner, a publicly held corporation. Complete Mailing Address: Е.С. Publications, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. 11. Known Bondholders, Mortgagees, and Other Security Holders Owning or Holding 1 Percent or More of 
Total Amount of Bonds, Mortgages, or Other Securities: None. 13. Publication Title: MAD. 14. Issue Date for Circulation Data Below: October, 2016, MAD #541. 15. Extent and Nature of Circulation: a. Total Number of Copies (Net Press Run): 
Average No. Copies Each Issue During Preceding 12 Months: 261,625; No. Copies of Single Issue Published Nearest to Filing Date: 248,054. b. Paid Circulation (By Mail and Outside the Mail): (1) Mailed Outside-County Paid Subscriptions Stated 
on PS Form 3541 (Include paid distribution above nominal rate, advertiser's proof copies, and exchange copies): 75,466; 72,981. (2) Mailed In-County Paid Subscriptions Stated on PS Form 3541 (Include paid distribution above nominal rate, 
advertiser's proof copies, and exchange copies): 0; 0. (3) Paid Distribution Outside the Mails Including Sales Through Dealers and Carriers, Street Vendors, Counter Sales, and Other Paid Distribution Outside USPS®: 58,046; 39,727. (4) Paid 
Distribution by Other Classes of Mail Through the USPS (e.g. First-Class Мапе): 0; 0. c. Total Paid Distribution [Sum of 15b (1), (2), (3), and (4)]: 133,512; 112,708. d. Free or Nominal Rate Distribution (By Mail and Outside the Mail): (1) Free or 
Nominal Rate Outside-County Copies included on PS Form 3541: 2; 2. (2) Free or Nominal Rate In-County Copies Included on PS Form 3541: 0; 0. (3) Free or Nominal Rate Copies Mailed at Other Classes Through the USPS (e.g. First-Class Mail): 
1,071; 1,108. (4) Free or Nominal Rate Distribution Outside the Mail (Carriers or other means): 0; 0. e. Total Free or Nominal Rate Distribution (Sum of 15d (1), (2), (3) and (4)):1,073; 1,110. f. Total Distribution (Sum of 15c and 15e): 134,585; 
113,818. .و‎ Copies not Distributed: 127,040; 134,236. В. Total (Sum of 15f and g): 261,625; 248,054. i. Percent Paid (15c divided by 15f times 100): 99.20%; 99.02%. 16. Electronic Copy Circulation a. Paid Electronic Copies: Average No. Copies 
Each Issue During Preceding 12 Months: 412; No. Copies of Single Issue Published Nearest to Filing Date: 2,470. b. Total Paid Print Copies (Line 15c) + Paid Electronic Copies (Line 16a): 133,924; 115,178. c. Total Print Distribution (Line 15f) 4- 
Paid Electronic Copies (Line 16a): 134,997; 116,288. d. Percent Paid (Both Print & Electronic Copies) (16b divided by 16c x 100): 99.21%; 99.05%. | certify that 50% of all my distributed copies (electronic and print) are paid above a nominal 
price. 17. Publication of Statement of Ownership: Will be printed in the February (#543) issue of this publication. 18. | certify that all information furnished on this form is true and complete. 


Dan Didio, Publisher, MAD, October 14, 2016 


MAD #544 is on sale February 21! 


FOR SUBSCRIPTION INQUIRIES: 

Just call 1-800-4MADMAG (U.S. and Canada only) or 
write to Р.О. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537! 
Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our New York 
office — we're too dumb to help you here! 


HOW TO REACH US: 

MAD, Dept. 543, 1325 Avenue of the Americas, New York 
NY 10019. Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com! 

All letters to the editor and accompanying photos or other 
materials may be edited and published in any MAD 
publication in any format and will not be returned. 


MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope! 
MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 


For Advertising and Custom Publishing, 
contact dccomicsadvertising@dccomics.com 


VISIT US ONLINE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


Lawrence Ganem VP — 
Editorial Administration & Talent Relations 


Alison Gill 

Senior VP — Manufacturing & Operations 
Hank Kanalz Senior VP — 

Editorial Strategy & Administration 


Jay Kogan VP – Legal Affairs 

Thomas Loftus VP — Business Affairs 
Jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs 

Nick J. Napolitano 

VP - Manufacturing Administration 
Eddie Scannell VP — Consumer Marketing 
Courtney Simmons 

Senior VP — Publicity & Communications 
Jim (Ski) Sokolowski VP — Comic Book 
Specialty Sales & Trade Marketing 
Nancy Spears VP – 

Mass, Book, Digital Sales & Trade Marketing 


ADMINISTRATION 


Diane Nelson President 
Dan DiDio Publisher 
Jim Lee Publisher 


Geoff Johns 

President & Chief Creative Officer 

Amit Desai Executive VP — 

Business & Marketing Strategy, Direct to 
Consumer & Global Franchise Management 


Sam Ades Senior VP - Direct to Consumer 
Bobbie Chase VP – Talent Development 


Mark Chiarello 
Senior VP — Art, Design & Collected Editions 


John Cunningham 
Senior VP — Sales & Trade Marketing 


Anne DePies Senior VP — 
Business Strategy, Finance & Administration 


Don Falletti VP — Manufacturing Operations 


William M. Gaines Founder 
John Ficarra Senior VP & Executive Editor 


EDITORIAL 


Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola, 
Dave Croatto Senior Editors 
Jacob Lambert Associate Editor 


ART DEPARTMENT 

Sam Viviano VP — Art & Design 
Ryan Flanders Design Director 
Patricia Dwyer Assistant Art Director 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


тез Бу Тот Richmond 


Visit madmagazine.com 
for more information 


THe ۴۱۷۱۱۱9111 


REASONS FOR THE МЕр5 RATINGS DROP 


The league stupidly 

22] keeps scheduling games 

opposite that nonstick- 
skillet infomercial 

on Channel 67 


Fans furious with Colin 
Kaepernick's insistence 
that they think about 
complex social issues 
for even two minutes 


Most viewers 
are coin collectors 
who change the 
channel after 
the coin toss 


Instant replay 
reviews frequently | ‘ 
last longer 
than halftime 


И | 


It's hard to compete 


For vicious, primal, 


with the internet, which CAO 2 head-smashing enter- 

offers way more choices I = > > Е tainment, the NFL just 
for ignoring your family We = I couldn't compete with the 

everu Sundau a` Artist Presidential campaign 


Ward Sutton 


Critics! Blurbs for Terrible WHY IS PRESIDENT OBAMA'S 
Kids’ Books: Holiday Edition APPROVAL RATING SO HIGH? 


“Bill O'Reilly's 
Killing Mrs. Claus 
is as disturbing 
as it is well- 
researched.” 


“A stray puppy, a giggling 
elf and a magical model train 
combine to make one boy's 
Christmas morning a surreal 
hellscape beyond his 
Writer: wildest nightmares.” 
Jeff Kruse 


Gimme a Flake 


Anyone who said they liked him got a $50 Amazon gift card 


The poll respondents thought they were being 
asked about Michelle Obama 


America is finally free of racism, obviously 


The results were misreported: 
55070 of people didn't approve of Obama; it was 55 people 


“I'm sorry, but copying and pasting all He's been much more personable lately, what with him about 
these different fonts takes tyne! to escape the living hell he’s been trapped in since 2008 
6 Writer and Artist: Emily Flake Artist: Paul Coker 


A Walk т the Parkhurst 


Расе5 


The Fast Five 


During sex, he kept screaming out his own name 


He was resistant to her plan to adopt every orphan in the 
Eastern Hemisphere 


He smoked too much weed and drank too much alcohol. 
And there was also the whole “micropenis” thing 


Two words: Paul Giamatti 


They clashed on how to parent Maddox, Shiloh, Trixie, 
Peaches, Luigi, Ban-Ki Moon Jr., Spanky and “Rowdy” 
Roddy Piper (The Baby) 


“Ill tell you what would be a miracle 一 
a little arch support in these sandals is what..." 


Writer and Artist: Teresa Burns Parkhurst 


What the New Emoji Really Mean 


“| just threw up "The Cialis 
you out in texts, too!" in the bucket next isn't working" 
to my sickbed" 
ww ~ 

2-8 "Remember — | “| was walking 

when we got while texting 
plastered at ۸ and my arm got 

Chili's eight ا‎ ’ ripped off bua 

W months ago?" passing bus" 


Unused 
victory party 


supply pantry 


Candlestick that, when 
pulled, rotates Bill's swinging 
mancave back into a 
respectful-looking library 


AR 
— 


"чы __ 


“Now I can creep 


Multiple fainting couches 
for a pneumonia-wracked 
Hillary to collapse on 


Expansive, walk- 
in private e-mail 
server closet 


Artist: Tom Bunk 


Document- 
burning 
fireplace 


Laundry room, 
with "basket of 
deplorables" for 
Bill's underwear 


pantsuit 
humidor 


Doomed 
campaign keep- 


Sobbing 
sake gallery 


lounge 


THe FUNDALINI PAGES 


Fundalini Asks: Why Didn’t You Vote on Election Day? 


2 


Í Е "The proposed amendment "| thought the election was 
"1 loved both candidates making asparagus the state "| was in the hospital, December 8th and Nicki Minaj's "| found ап ‘I Voted’ 
so much, | didn't want to vegetable didn't make it recovering from burns. birthday was November 8th. sticker on the ground 
hurt either of their feelings on the ballot, and, sorry, Thanks a lot, Samsung." Well, at least she got a nice so 1 didn't bother going 
by voting for the other!" I'm a single-issue voter." Denise Blatcher, card a month early!" through with it." 
Catatonia Parsnip,,Oceanlack, МЕ Harbin Conrath, Ferengi Hills, МЇ Lakestream River, IL Matthew Cornfield, Lintland, CT Perry Noya, Utopia Falls, CA 


Eckstein Marks the Spot ۱ SIGNS YOU RE WAY 


TOO INTO SNAPCHAT 
расе 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 


L 


You look in the mirror and don't Last week, you tapped your 
even recognize yourself without history teacher's forehead in an 
a puppy-dog nose and rainbow attempt to skip his lecture 


vomit spewing from your mouth 


"Well, | can appreciate how busty you must be." 


Writer and Artist: Bob Eckstein 


The Faster Five 


WAYS THAT BILLY BUSH 
CELEBRATED HIS BIRTHDAY 


1 The same thing he's been doing since the Trump tape 
was released: slowly rocking back and forth in : 
bed with the covers pulled over his head д. Y You regard куће Jenner as one Your family won't talk to you ever 

Ы + of contemporary filmmaking's since you tried to get one last face 

leading auteurs swap with Grandpa et his wake 


2 Wishing someone, anyone, would take 
him "furniture shopping" 


3 Searching job sites for openings : 
in the “Vapid, Grinning ол, 
Sycophant” Industry `< — 

4 Interviewing himself in 
the mirror, asking, 
"So what's next for 
Billy Bush?" in 
an increasingly | 
hysterical voice di 7 Я They don't want us to moisturize 

B Visiting local locker | ر — فک‎ 

You've started putting actual You've seen DJ Khaled in the shower 
По Ё for опе етой stickers on а the old family and that STILL wasn't enough to 
invigorating, ^ photos hanging on your walls get you to delete the freakin' app 

8 much-needed “banter’ سج‎ Ж 


Writer: Kenny Keil Artist: John Martz 


In the 19805, MAD Founder and Publisher 
William M. Gaines foolishly established 
"The Soul of MAD" — a collection of 
12 MAD covers chosen for their idiotic 
uniqueness, artistic achievement 

or classic timelessness. 


Now, here is your chance to own a 
special high-quality reproduction 
of one of those low-quality covers! 
Subscribe to MAD for two years 
and receive a limited edition print 
of artist Norman Mingo's classic 
"Alfred as Uncle Sam" (MAD #126) 
with your paid subscription. 


PIES WenTeowegRy mie 


(Provided you h 
Е ave а 
terribly-decorateg home.) 


DO YOUR PART 
FOR AMERICA! — 
(Ог at least for our salaries...) Ku 


PLUS THE LIMITED EDITION PRINT "ALFRED AS UNCLE SAM," 
ALL FOR ONLY 5297! 


($19.99 for a 1-year, 6-issue subscription but you won't get the limited edition print! Don't be a tightwad; go for the 2-year subscription!!!) 


SUBSCRIBE NOW TO INSURE GETTING THIS MAD COLLECTIBLE! Because this is a limited offer, we cannot bill you! 
TO SUBSCRIBE, CALL (462-3624) AND PROVIDE THE KEYCODE 


Limited edition print offer good for U.S. customers only. Sorry, no Canadian or foreign orders accepted for this offer. 
If this is a gift subscription, the print will be sent to the subscriber unless you specify that you wish to have it sent to you. 


ry PLANE NONSENSE DEPT. 


Рт Tom Hanks! | almost wrecked a spaceship in Apollo 13, 


р 2 | crashed іп а FedEx plane т Cast Away, апа the ship 
РЦ — e | commanded got hijacked in Captain Phillips. Given this ' 
pena — B^ dii Bn tu | ) history, | don't know what the heck the producers were | >. W 
= | thinking when they asked те to play an airline captain E | 
` v in THIS movie! It's beyond dumb. It's just plain... 
This is Captain Sullen! Worse! We sucked two super Looks like the Great. They'll 
Mayday! Mayday! Do you think heroes into the engines! captain's going probably use 
We've just lost both it was а These days there are just as to ditch the that an excuse 
SQ a ےا‎ engines. Prepare bird strike, many action heroes flying plane in the not to have 
for impact! Sullen? around as there are birds! = Hudson River. meal DL 


7 WW 1 ШЇ mi 


— A 
жа 
— سے‎ 
— é Jeez, making > Is this seat L] You'll find Wow, look at that! 
22 ^ my connection in — cushion out in 2 A sightseeing jet! 
Charlotte doesn't a life about 45 [|^ 7 What will they — 
w look good right now... | =< preserver? seconds! 4 think of next? 
— = = z S 
10 ТЕР: RTOLO 8 OND с жа = 


Excuse те, sir, once we 
crash, would you mind if 
| got out first, please? | 
want to get my luggage 
and it's three rows back. 


I'm glad | paid 
for a coach seat 
with extra space. 
>— | | have more room 

tothrow up in! | 


Do you people realize 
how bad this situation 
really is? We're only going 
to get about 27 frequent 

flier miles for this trip! 


Aren't you 
scared 
we're 

about to 


| was playing "4 
Flight Simulator X on my 

tablet and | just thought 
it was REALLY realistic! 


"n ۱ / 
\ 70 


= = 


— = | / 


vnm. ^ 
= ч 


ٹل 
ç .‏ 


My God, did you see 
how low that plane 
was when it flew 


Stupid pilot flew right in front of my 
camera just when | was going to get a 
great picture of the Hudson River and 
New York skyline. C'mon, let's go! 


U.S. Scareways is letting Manhattan 
passengers off closer to their homes. 
Now that's great customer service! 


mij 
Lu Á 
A à 
ر‎ Q 


Is that water | | But the 
from the Hudson || ! М seat-belt 
River flooding Ё || sign is still 
the plane, or have looks and — lit! I don't 
all the toilets J smells the want to get 
overflowed? 2 ^| in trouble! 


= g Brace 
It's okay, we're not in the air and 
anymore. We're in the middle of pray! 
the ice-covered Hudson River with BRACE 
the tide taking us out to the ocean AND 
in below-freezing temperatures. 


Unbeliev- The life 


Um, which side of the 


| hope God, | It doesn't 


able! That What's have to jackets wing is first class? someone hope matter. 
pilot landed la unbelievable is that rescue ? are for points out we If they 
a full-sized he landed it with them! you Great, I'm some tourist don't want to 
jet right in all those people on № Get out here afraid of sites. I'd have examine 
middle of the wings! It must two life comes boats. love to see to до my suit- 
the Hudson be some new cheap Е jackets! | a ferry || call something through | | case, they'll 
economy class! to save exciting security need 
scuba gear! 


Wow, | knew Oh, | know 
honey! Haven't you there was a runway you'll find 
Is every- been watching shortage at some them, Sullen. 
thing the news? airports but that’s There's not a 
good? | had to put E just ridiculous! better, more 
How the plane аг experienced pilot 
was the down in the You don't understand. flying today! 
Hudson River! lost both engines! Nj Gotta go. Bye! 


Z^ Wy S y 


| need the What?? | know. But 30 people 
final count of How could | | swam out from shore and 
the number of that be? boarded the plane in the 
souls aboard We left Hudson River! The media 

that plane. LaGuardia is already proclaiming 

airport you such a hero they 

just want to be on the 

same plane as you! 


ہہ“ ھے سا 
zx‏ 28 821 — 
w I.‏ 


‘ey ETS ауе ۶‏ | کا 
Ш | 7 urea 99 5 „ш To eA „|‏ 
е3—8‏ ا à HEN‏ 


It was an 
unscheduled 
landing...on 
a non-solid 

surface! 


a crash, 
what 
was it? 


We're here to talk 
about the crash of 
“| U.S. Scareways flight 
131313 from New 
York to Charlotte. 


l'm Charred Рог у, Chairman of the inquiry 
being conducted here on behalf of the NTSB. 


= 


m. ( \ 


| thought it was the 
National Transportation 
Safety Board. 


Nitpicking 
Transportation 


NS 
SS 
NA \ N 
к ЧӘ А 
* 9: d» |) 


Мо, Sullen wants 
to show us how 
he's always loved 
planes, first as 
a kid, and then 
when he was in 
service. He needs 
a Flash Back Break. 


< 


It's air 
jargon 


Body of water??? 
We should be 
landing on the 
airstrip back at 

the base. 


Hey, you 
do things 
your 
way, I'll 
do things 
mine! 


Captain 
Sullen, our 
flight simula- 
tion disagrees 
with your 
decision to 
land in the 
Hudson River. 


| would 
like to see 
that 
simula- 
tion, but 
first | need 1 
ап ЕВВ. 


We've been 
pushing these 
jet planes 
pretty hard! 
We'd better 
land, Sullen. 


Roger that. 

I’m heading 

over to that 
body of 
water. 


Well, | hope you're 
not in the cockpit 
on my next flight! 

| want someone 

at the controls 
who knows how to 
quickly find a good 
YouTube on what to 
do in an emergency! 


bottom of the 
lake, where 

you landed it 
yesterday! 


Safety Board. 


The 
question 
still remains, 
Captain. 
Why did 
you not 
return to 
LaGuardia 
Airport? 


Sir, my decision was 
based on the best 
information | had at 
that moment. And 
on my 40 years of 
| | experience as a pilot. 
And my professional 
instincts. 


Sy 


7 # 
И 
¿ / 


Z / 


Okay, Sullen, you've 

Thank you, 
sir! Er, sir, 
where is 

the plane? 


is to know about flying 
that crop duster. Take it 
up any time you want. 


x» learned everything there 


7 


SS 


With the flashbacks out of the way, here's our Roger that, we'll | will. But there's so much time 
flight simulation. It recreates the accident — strike!!! Engine return to LaGuardia. | figured we'd show the folks the 
including suddenly losing both engines at 2,500 failure on both 3 Е Statue of Liberty first — and ask 
feet. Notice how easily these two pilots manage port and star- But you're not turning 
to safely land their virtual airliner at LaGuardia. board engines. toward LaGuardia. 
7 Ж \== = E Cor _ 


la 


So, you see, т< Just twice...well, twice Okay, just for the sake of 

Captain Sullen, May | ask how an hour...twice an hour for That means they praying you don't prove 
the flight many times the 12 hours a day for 10 days. knew exactly what us wrong, we'll take away 
simulation pilots performed Okay, they practiced was going to happen. 35 seconds of their time to 

showed there that simulation 239 times before the There was no surprise! allow for your so-called 
was plenty of before they simulation you just saw. Adding the element "human surprise reaction." 
time to return recorded the a What's the big deal? of surprise totally Run the simulation again, 

to LaGuardia. one we just saw? ra П changes the equation. minus 35 seconds! 


Captain, Not 


On our way back Crap, 


i there's anymore! Pull up! there's Let's see. 
Manut qM usce а Thats || Jeez, some j the highway В 155 people 
George high- about I'ma damage, ы aboard. | bet 
PULL UP! Washington rise as low- freakin’ but the LaGuardia. № we could push 
جح‎ altitude! || PULL UP NOW! Bridge!!! rise asa | | computer sign says We're still this thing to 
š building we аге at miles from LaGuardia no 


LaGuardia!!! № the airport. problem! 


2 EN 


14 a 


اھ 
I’m forever‏ 
proud of the‏ 
incredible job‏ 
you did, Sullen,‏ 
but isn't it‏ 
time to cut‏ 
down on these‏ 
reunions?‏ 


| have never 
witnessed a crash 
recording while 

sitting here with the 
captain and the 
co-pilot. | learned 
something today, 

gentlemen. | learned 
that l'Il never fly 


Well, this reunion 
may be a bit different. 
It's been eight years 
since that fateful day 
and, well, feelings 
have changed — 
and now everyone 
wants in on the act... 


Captain, the full damage report has 
come back. You were correct. The rotor 
blades were damaged. Also, the tail was 
missing, the wings were fastened on the 
wrong side of the aircraft, the luggage 
was not secured in the cargo hatch and 

the rear bathroom door had a sticky lock. 

Yet you managed to save everyone on 
board. Now, if only you can help me and 


Any time the brave 
souls who flew with me 
that day want to see 
me, | feel it's my job to 
show up — as long as | 
can get there by train, 
car, bus, or taxi! 


I want to know 
why my house 
was shown in the 
background as the 
plane flew down 
= the Hudson River 
and | didn't get 
a "location fee." 


I still have | 
terrible | 
nightmares 
about 
that awful 
crash. 
How about 


But then 
again, | 
haven't 
slept at 
all since 


EAS 7 YW 
»" 8 «а 
SJ 1 


I'm still 
waiting for 
U.S. Scareways 
to get me on a 
flight to Char- 
lotte. I've been 
on standby for 
eight years! 


] Captain Sullen 
is still as shy as 


ever. ۱ asked 
him if we could 
take a selfie 
and he said 
fine, as long as 
he's not in it! 


т pes 


lucky! | got Ё 
my luggage | 
andevery |f 
piece 
was filled 
with smelly 
dead fish. 


have my f 
luggage! [А 


7 


| was а bit late 
|| driving my boat to 
the floating plane, 
but | was able to 
rescue a floating 
Sky Mall catalog 


safety cards 


Charred save our jobs, all will end well. 


No, but | was one 
of the thousands 
standing on 
the Jersey side 
of the Hudson, 
and whoever 
portrayed me 


7 A 


I'm really not 
a big hero, 


but | was the | 


first one in my 


office building Ê 


to shout: “De 
plane, Boss, 
de plane!” 


again! Never, ever! 


day of work because 
my stupid ferry had 

to go out and pick up 

total strangers in the 


Someone owes me 
a day’s pay! 


2 


С L رو سے‎ 
— M < sss 


| ||| 
| | 
| 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT.‏ ان 


WRITER AND ARTIST: PETER KUPER 


isitheiwonldis = H 
l 76ء‎ 1 | 


Subscribe, пи) the late sti —_ 
or download МАО back issues (CHEAP!) 
on your computer, ہو مس‎ r r tablet. P 


Visit magzter.com MAGZTER 


DIGITAL NEWSSTAND 


Get started now, regret it later! TAP • READ e ENJOY 


ЕЛЕ 


Se 


г 


%, 
И حم‎ 
8 


TRAIN | 


| 
STATION SN 
777777777: 4 1Z—4| if 
پک‎ |—— | r 7 


COLORIST: ЛМ CAMPBELL 


WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONES 


AL Wy 
S ear - ٢۵۸ ) 


b 
کے‎ 


个 ics I) 


мые 
Z (st ев 


сау сз 


Тао“ 2ے‎ 


ER 8 | 
УРА | И 


hg‏ ا 


El 


a TOLA 
00 RS 


—===ə PEOPLE, ا۳١۷‎ ҮЙГӨ ANID == 


МШШ ЕУ 


| | 
р 
| | 2 
th m 
| | 
:| | 
0-1 
T WM 
|| / 
ТАМА 
Wie 
۱ 
۱ 
| 
| 
| 


1 
| LI 
A ARTIST: 
| | MARK FREDRÍCKSON 
р | | | 


THE DONALD TRUMP RUN FOR THE PRESIDENCY 
A CANDIDATE THAT WILL LIVE IN INFAMY 


After eight years of the Obama Administration, everyone knew that 2016 would be a pivotal year, filled with discussion about how the next President might 
change things. And Donald Trump HAS changed things. He changed political debates into name-calling schoolyard brawls. He pioneered the fact-free campaign. 
He managed to combine the ideas of the crazy-homeless-guy-shouting-at-the-bus-station with the measured, nuanced delivery of the crazy-uncle-ranting-at-the- 


DONALD TRUMP 
PRODUCTION 


THE UNCHECKED EGO OF A SOCIOPATH inassociarion wits A DECADE OF THE GOP PANDERING ТО ITS WORST FACTIONS presents THE TOXIC CONTENDER 
starring MISOGYNY, XENOPHOBIA, RACISM ano FEAR-MONGERING as “THE HORRIFYING PERSONALITY DISORDER” 
— co-sraRring UNINFORMED, INFLAMMATORY RHETORIC as “THE PLATFORM" 
M UE WITH SPECIAL APPEARANCES BY LOW-BLOW INSULTS, DISABLED MOCKERY ANo SEXUAL DEVIANCE 


CAUCASIAN AND INTRODUCING MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN as “THE EMPTY SLOGAN” 


THE CLINTON FOUNDATION Is it Grafty in Here? 


One of history's great unanswered questions is "Why didn't Hillary leave Bill when she found out he was boinking the intern (among others)?" It took us 25 
years, but we may finally have the answer: they have too much in common to ever be apart. Bill lied about sex, Hillary lied about Benghazi. Bill lied about 
sex, Hillary lied about emails. Bill lied about sex, Hillary lied about her Wall Street speeches. But then the two lovebirds came up with something they could 
lie about together — The Clinton Foundation and its suspicious fundraising practices. Watergate's Deep Throat famously told Bob Woodward that to get to 
the bottom of Nixon's shady dealings he needed to "Follow the money." That's probably good advice when it comes to the Clinton Foundation as well. But if 
you do decide to follow the money, be prepared to descend down into the sleazy, backroom-dealing, quid-pro-quo, fetid cesspool that by many accounts is 
the Clinton Foundation. Hey, to expect anything less from Bill and Hillary would be, well, just dumb. 


N 

Е А . People who 5 
6 the ۱ uckiest, دن‎ n 
‘Nsider-elitist рео? y 


THE CLINTON FOUNDATION and 
THE U.S. STATE DEPARTMENT present 


co-starring 


HUMA ABEDIN, SIDNEY BLUMENTHAL, JOHN PODESTA 


and a cast of hundreds of ethically-challenged sycophants 


"roues KUWAIT, THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, „атоо THE HILLBLAZERS" 
QATAR AND KAZAKHSTAN 


РС] PERSONAL GREED Based on “Hacked Emails” by WikiLeaks 


25 


FLINT, MICHIGAN'S ТОХ!С WATER 
THE FAUCET'S WRONG WITH THIS ONE 


When it comes to clueless, incompetent and callously indifferent politicians, Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan truly sank to new lows this year. Unfortunately, 
ће lows he sank to weren't at the bottom of a contaminated body of water in Flint. Back in 2014, one of Snyder's lackeys switched Flint's water supply from 
ће Detroit system to the Flint River in order to save a few bucks. When residents complained of toxic brown sludge flowing from corroded faucets, Snyder 
did nothing while his constituents suffered hair loss, rashes, E. coli infections and Legionnaires’ disease. Hell, the GM plant in Flint even stopped using the 
water because it was corroding car parts! Officials begged Snyder to help fix the problem, but it took him eight months to even visit Flint and a full year to 
declare a state of emergency. It's a tough story to swallow — though not nearly as tough as the water in Flint. 


n 


— — — ——' 


m 


Seta Lo Е 
k HT vpn MERI Pt 


О. “n 


+ T 9 


^ 


ID 


HU VPE OUI OE Vr m 


e ее. 9 


* 
ARTIST: R. SIKORYAK 


7 zt EU 6. 


ue 


8 


n 
° 77 


~ 


26 


A crime by Roger Ailes 
N EWSCORP Presents A FOX NEWS Production 


Starring ROGER AILES 


Accusedby GRETCHEN CARLSON MEGYN KELLY ANDREA TANTAROS 
RUDI BAKHTIAR . MANY, MANY MORE 


SEAN HANNITY BILL O'REILLY GRETA VAN SUSTEREN as the oblivious defenders 
Produced under the supervision of RUPERT MURDOCH 


9 тит $ vulgarity ‹ 
ed Cruz evidently h 


|- KATRINA PIERSON [3 | ча 


Wu œ |-- <= KATATONIG|| 
£g wm | N 


EA ee а 
© 19 1 
4 jr Ц 
|—— иза 
- | „ће 
[* E sp de 
و‎ ~ ү | 
۸ , 4 "MU 
G > E 
A ? h M + * 
Мр, = 8 2 2 а `. 
ARTIST: — a Pd 7 + NOW 
MIKE LOEW x Г A 4 02م‎ - t м 


28 


29 


Made a Deaf 


with 


۱ 


uo уонзну 30 


nad 


Mi 
$ 
ћимем 198 


saw nux 


TAN 
"1 

BEN 6۸8801118, 

00۷۳۴۶ 


CLIVEN BUNDY'S SONS LAY SIEGE TO WILDLIFE REFUGE 
A TALE OF TWO SH*TTIES 


The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry — so imagine how badly things can go when you don't even HAVE a plan! Just ask Ammon Bundy! 
He wanted the government to give federal land back to the individual states — a complex issue that requires a nuanced, measured solution. So, naturally, 
his approach was to get a bunch of friends, a lot of guns and take over a national wildlife refuge! Believe it or not, it actually got dumber from there. Over the 
next three weeks, they continued their armed occupation (while dangerously low on snacks!), held press conferences, made demands and...surrendered. 
Pretty dumb — but that's STILL not even the dumbest part! In the end, Bundy and his militants were tried and found not guilty! Bundy may not have gotten 
everything he wanted — but he definitely got better than he deserved. 


est! 


Reckless | 
Idiots 1 Leader Who Received 
40 Wasted Days a Divine Message 


E v - = > 5 А — 
— E ھ‎ ВЕП >=” A > Л The Game of Armed, Mlagical Pre 


| 


OBJECT OF THE GAME 
Your goal is to get to Oregon’s Malheur National Wildlife Refuge as fast as 


But when the government won't meet your vague, pie-in-the sky demands, 
you have to escape despite not having an exit strategy. Or any strategy at all! 
HOW TO PLAY | 
Move your piece along the exciting path of Ammon Bundy and the gang as they 
try to get back what was never rightfully theirs! 

* Scamper through the Blazing Fields of Arson 

* Rally your militia in the First Amendment Forest! 

* Pass through the Snack-less Desert of Doom! 

* Wade into the Lagoon of Incoherent Press Conferences! 

* Slog through the Swamp of Pointless Negotiations! 


HOW TO WIN 


The winner is the first person who cuts a deal with the authorities and gets to go 
back to working at the feed store, instead of heading to prison! 


WRITER: MCKINLEY RODRIGUEZ ARTIST: JACOB CHABOT 


30 


31 


RYAN LOCHTE'S “MUGGING” OLYMPIC VILLAGE IDIOT 


Never give up. Never quit. Never accept defeat. Great advice if you're an Olympic athlete. Not such great advice if you're in over your head with a flimsy 
story about a phony robbery. During the Summer Olympics, Ryan Lochte told The Today Show’s Billy Bush (yes, that Billy Bush!) that men impersonating 
police had put a gun to his head and demanded his money. It was a sad story that confirmed everyone's worst fears about Brazil. Except there was one 

tiny wrinkle: it was entirely untrue! Lochte and his teammates had vandalized a gas station and were then forced by security guards to pay for the damages. 


It was still a sad story, confirming everyone's worst fears about Lochte's stupidity. 


RYAN LOCHIE 


[HE EMBARRASSING TRUTH BEHIND THE 
EXEEUEBEDIBEBACLE AT THE OLYMPICS 


„ЈУРА 
S 1 


— УДБЕ ЕРУ 


SUMMER 2016 


RUINED 


BY HIS OWN 
BRO-ISH 
STUPIDITY 


ARTIST: SCOTT BRICHER 


WELLS FARGO BANK BEWARE OF FALSE PROFITS 


argo Bank was ordered to pay a $185 million fine for encouraging employees to open multiple accounts for customers without their 
ا تو‎ s ии raise the company's stock price. It was bank robbery, only in reverse. Many were fired, but it took a 1870 АШ 
Senator Elizabeth Warren to get Wells Fargo's CEO, John Stumpf, to throw in the (designer, 600-thread-count Egyptian uu ا‎ с mre. 
a piddling $120 million in career compensation. (We don't know how many accounts he keeps that money in, though.) کا‎ | T 1 
Sutton said he robbed banks because "That's where the money is." If Sutton were alive today, he wouldn't need a tommy gun to steal peop 


just a job at Wells Fargo. 


We wanted to satisfy our financial needs 
and succeed financially. 


Recently, we at Wells Fargo reached settlements with several government agencies (the same 
ones we regularly lobby Congress to abolish) over allegations that we opened savings and 
credit accounts for customers without their knowledge or approval — you know, identity theft. 


We truly regret our “error” and take full responsibility. So we're making some big, exciting 
improvements, including: 


* Firing thousands of low-level bank employees who were acting on the orders of Carrie Tolstedt, 
the top executive behind this scam. Our valued customers will be pleased to know that Ms. 
Tolstedt's retirement package was strictly capped at $125 million and not a penny more. 


* Sending an automated email to every customer's spam folder, alerting them of whenever we are 
stealing money from their accounts. 


* Sending out an application-acknowledgement letter after submitting an application for a credit 
card, either to the customer or to the Wells Fargo employee pretending to be the customer. 


* Last but not least, there is our booklet, The Vision & Values of Wells Fargo, which we share 
with every single employee. It contains our altruistic mission statement which, apparently, is 
followed less often than the “АП Employees Must Wash Hands" sign in the bathroom of your 
neighborhood Thai joint. 


As always, if you are not happy with your account, we will make it very hard for you to close it. 
Besides, what's the point of transferring your money to another humongous bank which is doing 
the exact same thing we are but hasn't been caught yet? Wells Fargo's journey began in 1852 

and now includes more than 250,000 team members united in preserving those 1852 “Wild West, 
anything goes" values to maintain our stock price, all while telling you how much we value your 
confidence and trust. Every day, we strive to get things right for you 100%, no matter how many 
false accounts we claim you opened. 


Together we'll go far — but not to jail 


WRITERS: CHARLIE KADAU AND JOE RAIOLA 


33 


УР НИМА THE ВЕЦ 
Anthony Weiner, the disgraced, former rising star of the Democratic Party, has once again fallen on *ahem* hard times. In 2011, he resigned from Congress over 
а sexting scandal. Then, during his comeback in 2013, he dropped out of the New York City mayoral race because of another sexting scandal. So when Weiner 

was in the news again this year, you can probably guess what it was for. Weiner had sent more sexy photos of himself (this time with his sleeping toddler next to 


him in bed). He was also allegedly sexting with a 15-year-old. It’s a cliché to say all men are dogs — but some of them probably should be neutered. 


ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


POKEMON GO АРРТО МАКЕ A FOOL OF YOURSELF 


TMobile technology has brought us many wonders: connection to anyone, anywhere; GPS that ensures we'll almost never get lost; an endless choice 
of games to liven up any church service or court hearing. In 2016, all three were mashed up in "Pokémon Go,” the sadistically addictive critter- 
hunting game that instantly transfixed huge swaths of the formerly sentient public. Sure, its players were involved in car wrecks, muggings, and in one 
California case, a 90-foot plunge from an ocean cliff (the moron didn't die, but, sadly, we hear his iPhone screen got dinged). But none of that kept 
countless Americans from doing the impossible — walking around with their faces glued to their phones AND with their heads up their own butts! 


ШЕ: 


4 و‎ EF 
of millions of dollars 
Hi dia 


be 


18 [ je 
> Ñ: 


йг 
DRY 


LE 


Nog 
597 ہے‎ <= 
pas | PR. 
NA 
РУ 人 D 


ARTIST: DENNIS WUNDERLIN 


EPIPEN'S PRICE-GOUGING 
LIVING LARGE AND FAKING CHARGE 


When it comes to greed in the pharmaceutical business, it's hard to top former Turing CEO Martin Shkreli in the “soulless, grubby sociopath” 
department. But Mylan head Heather Bresch did just that in 2016, becoming the industry's latest face of drooling greed as her company boosted 
the price of its EpiPens by 50096 in just seven years. Like Shkreli, she seems to have a severe allergic reaction to responsible, compassionate 
corporate behavior. So, in addition to her multi-million dollar salary, Bresch earned something else — near-universal public outrage. In response, 
an exasperated Bresch told Congress, "We never intended this." Sure, Heather. You just followed all the steps to turn a couple of cents' worth of 


r EPIPEN Abuse 


Brought to you by Heather Bresch, Mylan Pharmaceuticals CEO 


Continue raising 
prices every few 
years until your 
sick and needy 
customers are 
paying $300 for 
$10 worth of 
medicine 


As worldwide 
outrage finally 
mounts, feign 
innocence and 
frustration 


جح 
Tell congress that ||‏ 


your sociopathic 
price-gouging 
is "fair" with a 
completely 
straight face 


After a proper 
length of time 
has passed, 
repeat Steps 2 
through 7 


medicine into absolutely killer profits. 


Instructions fo 


Purchase rights 
from Merck to X 


produce EpiPen; ۶0 | A = 


immediately 


begin jacking دو‎ * 4 
up the N | 
medication's 


| рпсе p^ X 


| When sales hit 
| $1.5 billion, 
reward yourself 
with an 
$18 million 
bonus 


Offer $300 
savings cards to 
miniscule number 
of customers in 
lame attempt to 
silence critics 


Sigh with relief 
as the public 
finally gets bored, = АБ 
| moves оп to а FRANCE, 
| пем 5сапда! чар; SPLIT Ма 


36 


DONALD TRUMP'S MISOGYNY THE PIGGISH LOSER 


Donald Trump has said more hateful things about women than any fat, pathetic, blubbering, megalomaniacal male chauvinist in history, at least in 
public. In private, he's rivaled by Roger Ailes (see page 27). During the campaign, Trump erupted with despicable misogynistic comments with the 
frequency of a Yellowstone geyser. After а video was released of him boasting about being а sexual predator, 12 women came forward to confirm his 
sickening behavior. His flaccid defense — that his accusers weren't good-looking enough for him to grope — offered even further proof of his poisonous 
piggishness. Despite it all, Trump went on to defeat the first woman Presidential candidate in history though we're sure he thinks that she "got schlonged.” 


Donald 


"Grab 'ет 
by the p*ssy" 


rump 


ON HILLARY CLINTON 


"Such a nasty woman.” 


ON FORMER 
MISS UNIVERSE 
ALICIA MACHADO 
"She was like an 
eating machine." 


"Nobody respects m ٦ 
women more „ОМ CARLY FIORINA 
than me!” 1 


could warm up Hillary with a blowtorch. So anyway, 
Michelle Obama said kids should eat more salad. 
Laura Bush controversially supported reading. Lady 
Bird Johnson was boldly against littering. 


When First Lady Hillary heard that, she said, 
*How about if I restructure the entire healthcare 
mega-system of America?" Well, the whole right- 
wing apparatus just about hit the roof. "How about 
instead, we spend the next two decades trying 
to destroy you politically and personally?" they 
said. Diligent bastards. She should have picked 
something like planting flowers, or smiling at 


babies. She really should've. 


That wasn't the end, though, not even close. After 
that, they all just about broke their necks accusing 
her of insider trading and murder and calling 
Chelsea illegitimate and trying to give her horny 
husband the old boot. It depressed holy hell out of 
me, if you want to know the truth. Bill and Hillary 
are the only people who have been cursed and 
attacked every day since the early 1990s. Yet they 
keep right on surviving, just to spite the morons. 
Well, them and Jerry Springer. 


So I GUESS YOU WANT ME TO TALK about 
Benghazi phone calls and. slush funds and secret 
donor meetings and bimbo shaming and speaking 
fees and screwing over Bernie and WikiLeaks and 
all that Edward Snowden you-scratch-my-back 
gmail crap, but I don’t feel like going into it without 
a subpoena, if you want to know the truth. 


Besides, this isn't my goddam autobiography or 
anything. Pm trying to tell you about Hillary Clinton. 
Ever since old Hillary decided she was going to be 
President, which was about a hundred years аро, 
the Republican attack dogs have been giving her the 
business. She certainly hasn't gotten the gentle First 
Lady treatment, that’s for damn sure. 


The thing is, every First Lady is supposed to 
pick a personal pet issue. ]ts supposed to make 
them warm and relatable and all that corny junk 
that makes me want to puke. Besides, I doubt you 


She didn’t quit, though. She had a plan. Outsmart 
em, boy. Before the 2016 election, Hillary decided 
to hide all of her emails on a private server ina 
bathroom that nobody could ever get into. Nobody 
but herself, the email recipients and any 14-year-old 


with a port scanner. 


She was probably positive her gorgeous plan 
would work to perfection, and that her emails 
would stay secret. It was a perfect plan too, if you 
assume the Republicans would suddenly decide to 
stop doing what they've been doing to her every day 
for 20 consecutive years at the exact moment they 
had their last chance to stop her from becoming 
President. Another big key in the plan she cooked 
up is that she was counting on nobody wondering 
why she had zero emails in four years as Secretary 
of State. Thinking back on that master strategy 
now, maybe Trump's right and she really is dying of 


brain damage. 


The trouble was, approximately two seconds later 
everybody found out about the server. But even 
though she might not be so hot at secret plans, 
Hillary is terrific at alibis. She’s the Alibi Queen, 


and I’ve acce 

accepted res ibility.” 
اہ‎ š ponsibility.” Th i 
s е М یھو‎ ЕН a iR 
аке, and I've accepted ibility,” She 

5 pted respo ility." 
p ہت‎ с the cat and tells یت‎ Б. 
11 5 s b 3 ve accepted responsibility." What h | 
> 1 have no idea. But it’s very resp 3 nd 
onsible. 
Anyway, wh 


d i 
نیٹ‎ A чы, on the sordid past? Hill 


l | applying ] e 
Er تر کت‎ ci since ыза оС . 
_ i a oln. 
o Ñ Judging by how politics are t ү i 
حا‎ ۲ op 6 called him “Honest Abe” b ہے‎ 
8 indicted. But Hillary's got hi M 
een indicted at least five d ti А 
imes. 


d 7 ty 
8 8 
Ап 1 m pret Sure it's oing to be a helluva lot 


more than five before she: 
es done. 
though. The future is depi Ао P hell 5 
; you're 


never going to kno 
ےت‎ w the truth, if you want to know 


at at no point 
naterial through my 


Thats off topic, though. Changing the subject 
is a habit of mine, I admit it. Like the way Hillary 
talks sideways whenever someone grills her about 
her big-money speeches to Goldman Sachs, or the 
phony Trans-Pacific Partnership swindle, and she 
says crap like “The American people are tired of 
distractions. The American people want us to have 
a conversation about the future." Didja ever notice 
that those so-called conversations always have one 
person talking, and the American people have to 
shut up and listen? Like this book. 


Anyway, let me tell you about all this madman 
stuff that happened just before this stinking 
election. Like every one of the last twenty elections, 
it was the most important one of our lifetimes. 2008 
was also supposed to be the most important election 
of our lifetimes for Hillary, but the voters went and 
picked Barack Obama. After she lost, Hillary went 
on TV and smiled and told everyone what a goddam 
prince old Barack Obama was, but if you looked at 
the big red vein in her neck, you were just waiting 
for it to explode and start swinging around like mad, 
like a goddam fire hose spraying angry blood all 


over America. 


b < 

What you need to know is th 
ever send classified 1 

server," she said. *Never ever. 


- Not опсе,” she said 
ty very seriousl i 

у. I bet 
sband. I bet every time 
5 right in the middle of 


She said she takes cybersecuri 
she learned that from her hu 
she walks into Bill's office һе 
clearing his browser history 


Besides, I saw on 
hot shots in Congre 
warrant. What lousy 1 
unbelievable. ТЕ was 
accidentally unscrewe 
server banks and acci 
acid inside them and 
them with a jackham 
me, it really does. If on 


Tuesday. yl 
And I m not just за ng that because I ma 


spoiled New York Ci 
GENER ity Upper West Si i 
à voting district that's m € а 


So the server s 
| dal 
m canda! was a crummy bre; 
A یت‎ P x 1 di her serious i BC e 
, and T've acc. ibility.” 
Then she went on NBC and said Te N 
1 istake, 


GARY JOHNSON STUMPED ВУ EASY 5 
INFO A RUDE AWAKENING 


Legend has it that a grammar school teacher once asked the class, "Where are the Great Plains?" To which a smartass in the back yelled out, 
"At the great airport!” Funny! But it's grammar school — nobody knows nothing yet. But you kind of hope that by the time someone is 63 years old, 
has been a two-time governor and has been chosen as the leader of his political party, seeking the Presidency of the United States, he would know 
something about the free world he wants to lead. Eh, maybe we're asking for too much from Gary Johnson. Knowing stuff is hard. And besides, 
being a true Libertarian means you want to maximize autonomy and freedom of choice. And it appears Johnson wants autonomy from knowledge 
and has chosen to be really, really dumb. 


The new Qe show based on the disastrous TV interview! 


+ = 7 ZARS 
EZ 


Hosted by 
the man who's 
taken 3% of 
the country 
by storm! 


Play along to see if YOU have what ik takes 
to be an unqualified election spoiler! 


Featuring — like: з! 


LLL s OC x o‏ . ہو ہو ےش CMS Зы‏ ےش 


| What i LS s Aleppo? | | г. | Hn 


| How many Te m ا ا‎ | 
| оте . 82 two)? 


table? | 


COMING SOON 
TO AN OBSCURE 


Whoever answers the most questions incorrectly — or better yet, CSPAN 
with just a blank stare — wins! (The game, not the election.) ANNEN 


40 WRITER: MIKE MORSE 


DONALD TRUMP PAID NO TAXES тнЕ ART OF THE HEEL 


Donald Trump is the only Presidential candidate in the last 40 years who's refused to release his tax returns. He claims it’s because he's being 
audited, but we're betting it has more to do with the fact that in 1995 he declared a loss of $916 million — a loss that would let him avoid paying 
taxes for the following 18 years. This from , 


not paying 
most other Ai 


q 


“Maybe be is not as rich as be 
says he is. Maybe be is not as 
charitable as he claims to be... 


YN 7 — „„ bes bida A 


— Hillary Clinton 


“Tt makes me so angry that this 
country bas gotten to this point 
that this fool, this bozo, bas 
wound up where be bas." 
— Robert DeNiro 


4 
g 
“Mr. Trump knows the tax code ( 
far better than anyone who bas 
ever run for President and he is the 
only one that knows bow to fix it." 
— Trump Campaign Statement 


ARTIST: ROBERTO PAR. 


A New York Times Publication of Leaked Tax Returns 


BASED ON MASSIVE TAX LOOPHOLES CREATED BY "THAT CROOKED HILLARY” 
PRODUCED FAR LESS OUTRAGE THAN YOU'D EXPECT DIRECTED AT A PUBLIC THAT'S IMMUNE TO SHOCK AT THIS POINT 
INSPIRED BY TRUE EVENTS THAT TRUMP IS WEIRDLY PROUD OF 
SPECIAL APPEARANCE BY WARREN BUFFET AS THE ACTUAL BILLIONAIRE WHO DOES PAY HIS TAXES 


RELEASED NATIONWIDE (UNLIKE TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS) 


Microsoft ог GM. But all of that literally went up in smoke in October when its much-hyped Galaxy Note 7 smartphones be 
filled grenades. Samsung dithered, first issuing a recall, then sending out replacements which they claimed to be safe. Well, | 
fire! The replacement phones also went kablooey. The suddenly-faltering company never quite nailed down the problem's cause, 
sure: this debacle will haunt the company for many years to come, like a bad Drake song. 


HOT PHONE RING ` 


(Sung to the tune of *Hotline Bling" by Drake) 


Suddenly I felt the heat 

Then the smell of burning meat 
Was on fire, head to feet 
Drop-and-rolling in the street 


Had it in my pocket and then 
FLICK BANG BOOM! 

My shorts lit like a funeral pyre 

It made me feel like | would expire 

My butt hot as a kitchen fryer 


So Рт back here in the waiting room 

Praying the doctors save my buttcrack 

Scorched my sphincter, singed 
my ballsack 

And my pubes are toast, my taint 
is crisp and black 


Samsung gave me 
another cellphone 
They said the third time's a charm 
But that faulty cellphone 
It blew up and caused me harm 


Every time it starts to ring 
Instantly Рт suffering 

Even when I’m just texting 
My cellphone starts exploding 


used to try to use my —‏ ا 
I used to, l used to — yeah!‏ 


I tried to use my Samsung cell phone 
Wanted just to call my mom 
Suddenly my cellphone 

Blew up like it was a bomb 


I didn't even dial the thing 

When my hand began to sting 
Now I have to wear a sling 

Got burnt with my hot phone ring 


It exploded for no reason, ouch! 

And my hand and arm were feeling 
quite raw 

Used to have five fingers, now 1 got four 

And my ear was lying flat on the floor; 

I knew I had to find a doctor SOON! 

Grabbed my ear and jumped into my 
friend's car 

Drove for half an hour to the ER 

Doctors handed me my nose inside a jar 


Samsung gave me another cell phone 
It was safe | was assured 

Turned out to be a hell phone 

Blew up like a hoverboard 


These days all I do is 

Wonder when my phone is gonna 
ignite and injure me 

If it’s gonna overheat and BAM 
goes the battery 

Every time my phone rings, there's 
а brand new catastrophe 

Fingers are down to three 

Burns up to third-degree — OW! 


Tired of the bloodshed 

Tired of the pain and dread 

Too late for my neck and head, 

ү they say I look 

| Like The Walking Dead, yeah 
Samsung has given me 

. Real bad PTSD 


| I don't want another cell phone 
Im sick of inhaling smoke 
landline not a cellphone 


Something safe so I don’t croak 


о more 7'5 in the store 

They don't make 'em anymore 

If they stopped three months before 
I would not be one giant sore 


God those Galaxies were crappy! 


MICHAEL STRAHAN BOLTS FOR ОМА KELLY’S BLUE BOOK 


On Live with Kelly and Michael, Michael Strahan and Kelly Ripa were known for having a fun, breezy chemistry — so it was easy to forget that, 
basically, they were just coworkers. And, like most coworkers, deep down, they really hated each other! Still, whether her reasons were personal or 
professional, when Michael announced he was leaving their show to be on Good Morning America, Kelly was not happy. And just like that, their sham, 
manufactured-for-the-cameras friendship was over! A true friendship withstands the test of time. Theirs couldn't withstand a changing timeslot. 


One morning, Kelly was about to 

enjoy her daily thimble-ful of food 

when her telephone rang. It was her 

best friend, Michael. | 


i 
A 


«Kelly and 
Michael 


| Every morning, Michael 
and Kelly would pretend 
| to drink coffee together 
while they interviewed 
celebrities on television. 


“I have some sad news, 
Kelly," Michael said. 
"I'm leaving our show. 
ABC has offered 

me a job at Good 
Morning America." 


Instead, Kelly decided to lock her door, 
get back in bed and pout and stew. She 
was furious! 


Who cared that she had а $10 million 
` contract and her show started in an hour? 


No one could find her for many days, but 
eventually, Kelly thought about that $10 
million and went back to her television 

show. Although Kelly congratulated Michael, 
inside, Kelly was still very angry and sad. 
Luckily she had just gotten Botox, and 
everyone was fooled by her smile. 


Kelly was very angry and slammed down 
the phone. Losing Michael could hurt her 
show's ratings! She thought about how 
she should respond. 


ARTIST: GARY HALLGREN 


She could take the high road and issue a 
press release, telling the world how happy 


she was for Michael. 


She could talk to Michael privately and tell 
him she thought he was being a bad friend. 


WRITER: MEREDITH ZEITLIN 


2 
Some people have trouble getting used to change. It's like their number one 


priority is to stubbornly hold on to the past. It's spooky, but it's something 
people just refuse to hold in. The sad truth is, life is going to move on with «< VN 
or without them, so they need to stop complaining and give up the ghost. 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


OUR RESTROOMS 
OPEN TO ALL 


E 4E] FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


FEMALE 
GHOST- 


BUSTERS 


*The Trump Foundation must 
im راھد‎ сеазе soliciting 


ARTIST: 
JASON SEILER 


personal piggy Beak. In 2016, he got found out 4 
NATIONAL 


7 8 


*Nearly ап of [the Trump 
Foundation's] money comes 
From people other than Trump... 
Trump then takes that money and 
generally does with it as he pleases.” 

he Washington Post 


4 starring DONALD TRUMPA HIS DISGRACI ) 
CO-STARRING IVANKA TRUMP as THE MORTIFIED DAUGHTER, MELAN E TROPHY WIFE 
пнезелпон овестевву NY ATTORNEY GENERAL ERIC 5) ا‎ 
INVESTIGATIONS MISDIRECTED BY F L y gH АИ Т 
STONES THROWN FROM А GLASS HOUSE BY 


NO FEDERAL LAWS WERE FOLLOWED IN THE MAKING OF THIS FILM 


KEEP READING, CLOD! 


E NECKELODEON DEPT. 


Are you Dr. Schmecker, the Yes, | \ \ Doc, you gotta take а look at this thing 
world-famous goiter specialist? |= that's me. NO N оп my neck! | think it's a giant goiter! 


wait your turn! Can't you see 


I'm with another patient? 


Я 7 8 97 4 


MAD'S 92 75 Spy 
GREATEST ۵ء‎ | 
WRITERS: 2 A pem US. SPY 


THE TOP 
FRANK PLANET RETURN TO MAD'S GREATEST ARTISTS: | SECRET 


JACOBS TAD PLANET TAD MORT DRUCKER | FILES! 


A celebration of — All-new adventures If you loved the first Includes many of Mort's greatest Special 
the work of опе of from the executive Planet Tad book, you'll movie satires, plus essays by digest size! 
MAD's most prolific producer of Last really love this one! Michael J. Fox, Steven Spielberg, 65 explosive 
writers. Foreword by Week Tonight with 232 pages of all-new J.J. Abrams and others! Also a adventures by 
“Weird Al” Yankovic! John Oliver! Tad misadventures! classic, vintage pull-out poster! Peter Kuper! 


s 
GREATEST 
ARTISTS 


lus > W Drew وو‎ 


ON SALE NOW THE BOOM SECTION 


۸ ч S a > А. y 
~ AAA yayay SS 人 AS 4 چ‎ t BAD. IMPRESSION) L. 


1 His Work in 
Bay MAD Comics 
N eg 


His Work in 
MAD Comics 


mooo momm ommo 
J MORE EXPLOSIVE ADVENTURES BY 
The ا‎ Collectionjof 1 
Ж ЕШ Comics; 81:23. ./ " SPY 
а MAD'S GREATEST 


ARTISTS: US. SPY: 
MAD'S GREATEST ARTISTS: SERGIO , Fleur 10 Sp us. Sp % AND 


DON MARTIN ARAGONES | THE FINISH! | VOLUME 2 МОВЕ! 


A select and expansive Includes new, never- یں‎ - Six pointless 
collection of Don’s best pages before-seen Sergio art! A ата ize! ШШ دہ‎ collections, 
spanning his 32 years at MAD! Plus a pull-out poster ру vs 5ру 0 for fans 


5 Е diabolical adventures adventure from 
A must-have for lovers of with 500 of Sergio's of MAD on 
Shtoink! favorite marginals! hy Peter Kuper! 1987 to 2007! 


Cartoon Network! 


‚ 
> MAD: 

GREATEST p ac p" GREATEST 

ARTISTS j p ARTISTS 


i 


RE 


Three Decades оғ ш 
His Greatest Works: š 
Џ 


Еогемога Ьу 
Nick Meglin 


Patrick 


McDonnell 
creator of Mutts 


OF BOOKSTORES WHEREVER BOOKS ARE SOLD — DUH! 


fM FUDGE REPORT: Your one-stop Internet source for fudge news 


W LATEST TWEETS 


PLANET TAD 0 

If we're going to measure 

length in feet, then the smaller 
increment shouldn't be "inches", 
it should be "toes". 


PLANET TAD GPlanetTad 
| wonder if Papa John and 
Jimmy John are related. 


яй нь @ 


PLANET TAD 6 0 

It's weird that ghosts say "boo". 
Like, ghosts are scary enough. 
They don't need to also be 
expressing disapproval. 


PLANET TAD GPlanetTad 
The most useless ghost in 

"A Christmas Carol" is the 
Ghost of Christmas Present: 
"| can show you the current 
day!” Cool. Great superpower, 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 

| feel like, if there weren't so few 

words starting with “Z”, little kids 
wouldn't hear anywhere near as 

much about zebras. 


PLANET TAD GPlanetTad 
It doesn't matter what the label 
says, the scent of every scented 
candle is “scented candle". 


YOUR LOCATION IN 
GOOGLE UNIVERSE 


ob LIKES 


٠ 


Big Macs The Big Big Hero 6 


Bang Theory 


lp DISLIKES 


Big Brother ek 


Weddings Bigalow 


@ PLACES 


Tad visited: 


Home 
School 


Twelve Oaks Mall 


N BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


8 ۱۱۸۸۸۵۵: Internet Muppet Movie Database 


C А О, http//www.planettad.com/profile/12-2016 


PLANET TAD! 


» HEIGHT IN DOG HEIGHTS: 3 


» NAME: TAD » AGE IN DOG YEARS: 2 


And | figured, | could use some extra money, 50 
| went to ask for an application, and they said, 
“Oh, you should just see Brenda. She handles 
our Christmas stuff.” | was about to ask which 
one was Brenda, but then | saw a woman wear- 
ing a bright red-and-green Christmas sweater, 
and one of those reindeer-antler headbands 
that you usually only see on unhappy dogs. 


合 50, today 一 = - 
was at 

DO YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO BEA 
the mall and 


“WRAP” STAR?‏ سس 


m, WE'RE HIRING FOR OUR 
= HOLIDAY GIFT-WRAP STATION! 


It turns out, Brenda loves Christmas. Like, a lot. She told me that she sees her job as "making Christmas memories", and that she waits all year 
long to coordinate all the Christmas stuff at the mall. She said she even wanted to name her daughter "Christmas", but her husband wouldn't 
let her, so they compromised, and "Christmas" is her daughter's middle name. And I said, "Is her first name Mary?" And she said, "No. Why?" 
And | said, "Then she could be Mary Christmas." 


And Brenda's jaw dropped and she said, “Oh. My. God. How did | not think of that? | wonder if it's too late to change it!” And | said, "How old is 
she?" And Brenda said, "She's nine. But she's an immature nine. Hang on, let me call my husband. You're hired, by the way." 


DECEMBER 9, 2016 
A Today I started work at the 
gift-wrap station. Brenda 
told me а few times that | needed 
to be really, really careful not to 
waste any of the giftwrap supplies, 
because “Mr. O'Connor, the mall 
manager, is really insistent about 
keeping costs down. That's also 
why our Santa Claus is just a 
cardboard cutout of Santa." 


Then she had me wrap a present for her, and then frowned and 
said, “I'll just send the easiest stuff your way — books and boxes 
and that sort of thing." She told me | should direct anything 
that's even slightly oddly-shaped to one of what she called the 
"Wrap-id Response Team." "Get it? Like 'rapid response'! It took 
me forever to come up with that!", she said proudly. "I don't 
know that there's a cooler possible name for a group of gift-wrap 
specialists!" And | said, “What about wrap-tors? Like ‘raptors’, 
but with giftwrap? That seems cooler." And she got very quiet, 
and she said, "Yes, | suppose that's good, too," and | was sort of 
sorry I'd said anything. 


DECEMBER 10, 2016 
The mall's manager, Mr. O'Connor, came by the giftwrap station today. He walked up to Brenda just as she was wrapping a present with 
two little sticky bows on top, and said, "That looks terrific." And she smiled, and then he pulled off one of the bows and said, "And it looks 
just as good, now. Damn it, Brenda, we've talked about this. One bow per present." Then he stormed off. Brenda muttered under her breath, 
"Well, he certainly doesn't have the holiday spirit." Which may not sound like much, but I'm pretty sure it's the meanest thing Brenda can say 
about anyone. 


DECEMBER 17, 2016 


Today Mr. O'Connor came by and yelled at me for using a full sheet of wrapping paper to wrap a book. "Do you think paper grows on 
trees?" he shouted. 


| didn't have the heart to tell him where paper comes from. 


DECEMBER 18, 2016 
Today Brenda gift-wrapped a guitar for a guy. It was amazing. 


She handed it to the customer, and he said, "Thanks!" And then he 
looked worried for a second, and said, "Oh, crap — | think | left the 
price tag on." 


So he tore it all open to check, and then said, "Whew! I didn't" And 
then he handed it back to Brenda to wrap a second time. And she 
just said, "Okey доке!" and started re-wrapping it. Afterward, she said 
happily, "Imagine someone seeing that under the tree! That's a 
Christmas memory!” 


| would've stabbed the guy with a pair of scissors. 


DECEMBER 20, 2016 

f We're in the final stretch to Christmas, and Brenda's getting a little giddy. 
Yesterday, as she was curling a bunch of ribbon on a gift, she turned to me and 
said, "Don't you just love it? If you ask me, there's no such thing as too much ribbon!” 


DECEMBER 19, 2016 
Today a woman had me giftwrap a five-pound 
container of kitty litter. "It's for my cat,” she said, 
as if that explained anything. 


DECEMBER 21, 2016 
When | showed up for work today, Brenda wasn't there — it turns out, Mr. O'Connor suspended her for three days, so she won't be back 
® until after Christmas. | asked one of the other workers why, and she leaned over and whispered: “Too much ribbon." 


DECEMBER 24, 2016 
Today was my very last day of working at the mall. Right before | finished up, Mr. O'Connor came up to the booth and said, "Here — | need 
you to wrap these. They're for my wife, and a, uh, friend." The bags contained a terry-cloth robe with the name "Karen" monogrammed 
on it, and silky pajamas with the name "Callista" monogrammed on them. 


So | went and started wrapping them both in boxes. And then | looked at the two items. And | thought about it. And as | wrapped them, | started 
thinking about how mean Mr. O'Connor was to Brenda. And then | looked at the nametags in my hands, and | might've accidentally put “Callista” 
on the box with the robe in it, and "Karen" on the one with the silky pajamas in it. 


| know Brenda would probably have told me not to, but in my way, | think | may have made a pretty incredible Christmas memory. 


WRITER: TIM CARVELL 


MAD ıs now on ANDROID 


PHONES ~“ TABLETS: 


Good news for MAD readers! 


Bad news for Googl shareholders! 


Get a 1-уеаг subscription 
for $9.99 — cheap! 


Get the new issue for 
$5.99 — cheap! 


Get select back issues 
for $1.99 — cheap! 


Get psychiatric 
help before you waste 
all your money — 
not-so-cheap! 


PEOPLE, EVENTS 


BE 
2016 


DUM 


MORE ISSUES WILL BE AVAILABLE 
AS THEY’RE RELEASED! 


Go to Google Play Newsstand, type "MAD Magazine” 
in the search box and start 
using your smartphone for something dumb! 


NO LAUGHS 


ON THIS PAGE — 
JUST LIKE ALL THE OTHERS 
BEFORE IT AND AFTER IT. 


ry PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


— 
|7 ом, SORRY SIR, YOU WHAT? WHAT?! NS SHE IS! SHE'S 
fr ONY MURTO EM CAN'T BRING YOUR DOG Y THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS. MY THERAPY DOG. 
ON THE AIRPLANE. LITTLE BOOPSIE IS : 
KEN T LAUGH A SERVICE DOG. 
Q | 


HOW ABOUT I CALL ٦ STOP YOUR WHINING &ooPSIE... MY ٦ 
OVER SOME TSA AGENTS? AND COME BACK WITH CLONAZEPAM... 
YOU, BUT WHAT PERSON THAT'LL GIVE YOU A REAL || YOUR "SERVICE DOG" WHEN 
DOESN'T FEEL BETTER PANIC ATTACK. YOU'RE BLIND OR HAVE 
HAVING THEIR PET : LOST YOUR LEGS, OKAY? 
a WITH THEM? و‎ 


ч 


اس 
EN‏ 
JANICE, WOULD‏ 
ÎÎ vou MIND GENTLY ў Now SEND A TEXT‏ 
AIDING THIS MAN AND | ТО MY PSYCHIATRIST‏ 
HIS SERVICE DOG AND SET UP AN‏ 
ONTO THE PLANE? J APPOINTMENT.‏ 


CHRISTOPHER BALDWIN 


JOHN KOVALESKI 


SCOTT NICKEL 


NOAH VAN SCIVER 


SHISHKA Bort 


good job, 


baby! 
M 


седела NIS it that 


this +сее iS Cucsed, 


dad me applies mar 


Fail €com it could 
Kill «ou^ 


we gotta hurry, baby! 
before the whole 
place goes up! 


(12, 


oh no! the stove N 
Š is on fire! J 
Фр, 
[AJ 
SD 
— 


Hi, boys and gicls/ 
J| This 15 MY Favorite 
Jl +cee +o Sit under’ 


— _[ 
+ں‎ edt them зи tne ES 


54 


DELUSIONS OF GRAN 

f MY GRAN'S BEEN ۷۰۲۷ 
WITH ME So X САМ 
TAKE CARE of HER. 


SHE GETS CONFUSED... 
FoRGETS WHO T AM... 


XT'S SCARIER FoR ME. 
KILL AVTLER... 
~ 


5 


OW LLL ВЕТ THAT'S 
SCARY FoR HER. 

| ze 

LU 


Bc 


CHELSEA CARR 


SCRIBBLE 
Meo N TAW 


JOHN MCNAMEE 


THE STRIP CLUB 


e. 


4 1 
„р 


1 
1 0 
1 


کا d | ! ۱ =ојо‏ 8 == رت 
Eos і | > | | ЕА сцени‏ 
z : — V — - 2 Cr у D Ў . k‏ 
ee,‏ 
o — | а 1 | = |‏ 
E Je 44.1] _‏ = 1 
АЕ саи N N 2 { 1 / * У oe EA‏ 


OO O- 
В әооо 


O 1 


Q- 9 


— 2 
1 "s 
| 7 


701077 


А МАО 
DIGITAL EXCLUSIVE! 


In November, the great artist and MADman Angelo Torres 
was honored with the prestigious Milton Caniff Lifetime 
Achievement award, presented by the National Cartoonists 
Society. Here at MAD, we don't have anything that could 
even be remotely described as "prestigious"! 

So, as a tribute, we decided to share "The Olden Girls,” 
one of our all-time favorite TV satires drawn by Angelo! 


From MAD 7263, June 1986 


IF YOU CAN 
READ THIS, 
YOU'RE READY 
FOR THE 
NEXT PAGE. 


HUMOR IN А VARICOSE VEIN DEPT. 


Hello! Pm William Gaines, publisher of MAD! I usually don't 
get involved in these TV parodies. I don't even read them! All I 
really care about is how many issues of MAD we sell! But since 
this is the first time we're satirizing a show whose cast is 
actually OLDER than me...and since this is the first series I can E 
actually relate to, I thought that I Should introduce it. Here's... T 


Y a 


1 ۱ | e 1 


ARTIST: ANGELO TORRES WRITERS: АВМЕ & JAY KOGEN 


Hi! We're the Olden Girls! 
m Appathy! The sarcastic 
one! A trait left over from 
a previous sitcom! I'm the 
leader and moving force of 
this series! Although some 
critics say "All Bran" is the 
moving force of this series! 


I'm Doze! The dippy one! On 
the TV “bewilderment” scale, 
I'm somewhere between Gracie 
Allen and Georgette Baxter! 
My occupation: grief counsel- 
lor! Whenever ۱ counsel any- 

one on this series, they 
usually wind up with grief! 


I'm Blanched! The flirta- 
tious one! I'm a gullible, 
sex-obsessed southern 

belle with an accent that 
went out with Tennessee 
Williams! Come to think 

of it, | went out with 

Tennessee Williams! 


I'm Myopia! The foul mouthed one! 
I'm a unique TV creation! | look 
like Grandma Moses and | talk like 
Al Pacino in Scarface! Remember 
when all old ladies on TV were like 
Grandma Walton? l've changed all of 
that! I'm 80 years old. | can say 
things in prime time that would get 
Eddie Murphy thrown off the air! 


| I'm actress Heather Locklear! No, 
I'm not in this series! But as a 
humane gesture to their readers 
MAD has included me here. Take a 
good look at me. It's the last 
attractive, firm body you'll be 
seeing for the next five pages! 


You've had 
grey hair 
for years! 


him! 
The 


I'm so depressed! 
just noticed 


my first 
grey hair! 


I've called 


the 


Blanched, how was 
your date last night? 


It was so romantic! 
They reached 
“Simultaneous 
Rheumatism”! 


paramedics! 


man's a 
:SCUZZBALL! 


I'm going 
to 
irrigate 
my colon! 


Doze, how come you're so 
ditzy on this show when 
all those years you were 
so smart on Password? 

ium | || 
If this series had a 
Bonus Round perhaps | 
would be smarter! 


11 
Good 
morning, | I'm going to 
girls! What's have some 


everyone up 
to today? 


Doze, when you age, you 


age all over! Тћа 5 
Mother Nature's way! 


| Ji E 
Really? Maybe | can 
talk to Mother Nature 
about it. Does she 
live here in Miami? 


What hap- 
pened then? 


Appathy, your 
mother's like 
Don Rickles in 
a housecoat! 
Why is she so 
scathing and 

sarcastic!? 


ҮҮ 
ا‎ 


Sorry, Appathy! But 
with your deep 
voice, | thought 

we already HAD a 

man in the house! 


She's right, Ma! 
We're three widows 
and a divorcee. We 
could use a man 
in the house! 


Myopia, you 
can't keep 
chasing my 
dates 
away! 


At one time she 
was the sweetest 
lady in the world! 

Then, she suddenly 

turned bitter 


Somebody beat 
her out for the 
"Where's The 

Beef" commercial! 


To three veteran actresses who 
would LOVE some punch lines but, 
instead, are playing straight 
to a television newcomer! 


I'll think about it! 


The same thing 
you're doing for 
the south with your 
southern accent! 


than the cast! 


another 15 minutes! 


Ma, you can't keep 
throwing these acid 
one-liners! It's 
just not fair! 


Appathy, you must do something 
to hush up your Mama! She's 


setting senior citizens' 


dignity back twenty years! 


just came back from my Hmm! | think THIRTY You got it! Originally he Can you believe | 
yearly checkup! The we have this MINUTES! gave me 15 minutes, but ‘it?! The jokes 
doctor gave me thirty week's plot He gave you when | told him | couldn't on this show 
minutes to live! device! | ONE EPISODE pay the bill he gave me are older 


to live!? 


How sad 
for Myopia! 


There 
she goes 
again! 
Another 
bladder 


She can't help it! A 
stroke destroyed 
the part of her 
` brain that censors 
| what she says! 


And how 
convenient 
for the writers! 


E 
8 Girls, I'd like Big deal! I'd like | said Га 
you to meet my you to meet my think about 
x second cousin, kidney stone, it! | didn’t 
| twice removed. once removed! say I'd do it! 
$ i 
E 


Ма, we want this 
to be the best 30 
minutes of your life! | 


Not with the time 
| have left! | hate 
microwave cooking! 


Can we 
fix you a 


Ci а) | 
Sad 


No! If | have sex 
with Mel Gibson 
it'll kill YOU! 
...and тамђе 


him, too! 


Think hard, 
Myopia! Isn't 
there any one 
thing we 
can get you? 


sex with 
j| Mel Gibson! 


And this is Disney World! We thought 
you mightwant to experience the 
Tea Cup Ride! 


You crazy??! Caffeine 
keeps me awake 
at night!! 


She's amazing! Even near 
death she takes time 
out to belittle 
those closest to her! 


25. „~ 


I'm a grief 
|| Counsellor, Myopia! 
Tell me what 
you're feeling! 


I'm feeling | want 
someone other than a 
DITZ to comfort me! 


nj y 


Are there 
any last 
wishes 
before 
you die? 


Yes! | want to see peace in 
the world, | want to witness 
the end of world hunger, and 
| want to stop Bill Cosby 
from endorsing another product! 


T || 
CRITIC! 


n me АНА XN Zo TUTO‏ 8ے 
That's the idea!‏ 


є‏ ہہس سے 
But Ропав || Your final‏ 
М the pits! ۶/7‏ 
f д”;‏ 


You've only got а 
few minutes left on 
Earth! We're taking 

you sightseeing 

through Florida! 


minutes on 
It's dull 
کے‎ and boring! 


ES | =] S. 


At 


„ 


| should 6 
known! She was 
also banned last 

month from a Mot- 
ley Crue concert! 


...*&%@%$#@... 
bikini sluts... 
ЊЕ"... 
Signa Nu 
barf bags! 


\ BEACH 
WHERE THE 
GoYs АВЕ”. 

CH 2 


ш Ў 


Her tests 
got mixed 
up with 
a 
lizard's! 


Wait! Don't leave! As 
long as you're here ` 
why don't you stay 
and feel my heart! 


No! Just horny! 
It's been a 
slow episode 


Hi there, Den- My daughter invited me! Your Yes! And OOOps! | 
tal Floss face! | | was just thrown out mother next to think this 
of my nursing home for is her, I'm might be a 
Grandma! attacking a male nurse staying as pure good time 
in the sitz bath. This is with as Marie to brush up 


going to be my new home! on Password! 


За (& 


7 
A 
ЭА 


About what? 


Her language! 
They never 
heard anything 
that disgusting 
before! 


That's 
wonderful 4 
news! What 
happened? (A 
УСУ, D 4 


| hope you give 
someone else 
the chance to 


be funny 
next year! 


You can 
bet on it! 


I'm Dr. Hemmes! 


My goodness! Why 
was she arrested? 


Disturbing the 
spring break at 
Ft. Lauderdale! 
The college kids 
complained! 


There's been a 
little mixup at 
the lab. You're 
going to live! 


Myopia's going 
to live! But 
since our show 
is a hit, we're 
going to have to 
put up with her 
acid barbs for a 
second season! 


EJ MARGINAL THINKING DEPT. 


DRAWN OUT DRAMAS 
ENS 


НЕВЕ WE GO WITH ANOTHER 5 


MAD FOLD-IN [а 


The Holiday Season brings gay rounds of Pom | N 
partying and good fellowship. And it also R о" 
brings a special problem: that "Surprise « 5 


Gift" many party revelers usually pick up - 
on the drive home. To find out what this 
last-minute gift is, fold page in as shown. 


FOLD THIS SECTION OVER LEFT «B FOLD BACK SO "A" MEETS "B" 


А» 


* | m j 1 1ھ‎ 2 D * 


AFTER THE TYPICAL, WILD OFFICE CHRISTMAS‏ ود 
AL JAFFEE PARTY, REVELERS HEADING FOR CARS FILL THE AIR‏ 
OF WINTER WITH CAREFREE LAUGHTER AND JOYOUS SONGS‏ 
+В‏ ۰ھ 


А+4В FOLD BACK SO “A” MEETS "B" 


ARTIST & WRITER: 


AL JAFFEE PA IR 


OF WINGS 
AB 


191 


JON GLASER 


ONE MAN’S QUEST FOR STUPIDITY 
М 
Ll v EIS 
» P № 
4 
— 


WEDNESDAYS 10Р 


