- Ф ты سه‎ -n y 
~= 


r 228 
- ١ 
— es © 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Attention All Personne! Concerne 
POLAROID CAMER 
ACCOUNT 


Copy Conference Today 


10 SECOND PHOTOGRAPH BY LESTER KRAUSS 


There’s more time for fun when this one line of copy takes 10 seconds to write for the Polaroid Land Camera ad campaign! 


ight © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NUMBER 74 OCTOBER 1962 


“Jj your wife wants to drive, don't stand in ber way!” Alfred E. Neuman 


PUBLISHER: William M. Gaines EDITOR: Albert B. Feldstein 


ART DIRECTOR: John Putnam PRODUCTION: Leonard Brenner 
ASSOCIATE EDITORS: Jerry De Fuccio, Nick Meglin 
LAWSUITS: Martin J. Scheiman PUBLICITY: Richard Bernstein 
SUBSCRIPTIONS: Gloria Orlando, Celia Morelli 
CONTRIBUTING ARTISTS AND WRITERS: 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


DEPARTMENTS 

AMBULANCE CHASERS DEPARTMENT 

Future TV Medical SHOWS وان عاد دج د حم ون‎ cacao pi caede dua culo rS P ansa PPS 10 
BIG TIME OPERATOR DEPARTMENT 

A Celebrity's Wallet (Vince Edwards") .. ASTU 38 
BLUE CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOCK DEPARTMENT - 

If Corporations Ran Their Own Summer Camps 17 
DON MARTIN DEPARTMENT 

Water ИНВЕ з, ыа زا‎ ЫШ 15 


At The Movies ................. yee aie ROLL VÀ 
The Arrival Of The King М 


EXECUTIVE SUITE-TALK DEPARTMENT 
Labor Day Cards From Management To Labor ..... 12 
FREEDOM WITH SPEECH DEPARTMENT 
Speaking From Pictures 
INTERN FOR THE WORST DEPARTMENT - 
Dr. |, CNG aE ODDS г 5:5 
JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 


Spy Vs. Spy د د‎ 
Spy Vs. Spy Vs. Spy 


LETTERS DEPARTMENT 


Random Samplings Of Reader Mail .................. е 2 
MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 

Favorite Chinese Dishes Of Some Famous Folks ........................ s> 
ROCK OF AGED DEPARTMENT 

The Rock 'n' Roll Senior Citizen Problem ............ لل‎ 35 
STOP-GAP THE PRESSES DEPARTMENT 

When Newspaper Editors Go On Vacation олш 24 
SWITCH-CRAFT DEPARTMENT 

Summer Replacements In Everyday Life .................................... 28 
TELEVISION DEPARTMENT 

TV Ads We'd Like To See ........................... 33 
TELL-A-PHONY BOOK DEPARTMENT 

The MAD Celebrity Primer ........................... a 45 
UNION HALL-MARK DEPARTMENT 

Labor Day Cards From Labor To Management 14 
YOU AND THE KNIFE AND THE MUZAK DEPARTMENT 

Eating QUE. erroe feces ERs Gu SNR EX YF جم امج‎ VR E rV vA Vau 40 


**Various Places Around The Magazine 


MAD — Oct.. 1962 Vol. 1. Number 74. is age monthly except Februa May 
August and November, by Е.С, Publications, Inc,, at 850 Third Avenue, New York k 27. 
New York. Second Class WS paid at New York, N. Y Subscriptions, 9 issues for $2.00 
in the U.S. Elsewhere, $2.50, Allow 6 weeks for change of address to become effective. Entire 
contents copyright 1962 by Е.С. Publications. Inc. The Publisher and Editors will not be 
responsible for unsolicited manuscripts and request all manuscripts be accompanied by a 
stamped self-addressed return envelope, The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and 
semi fiction ore fictitious, A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a 
coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


VITAL FEATURES 


DR. KILJOY ... 5 


~N { A MAD version of one of 
the TV "Doctor Shows” that 
are fast replacing the TV 
"Crime Shows" with A.M.A.— 
approved blood and gore. 


SUTURE TV MEDICAL SHOWS GLAD. 


M 5 ү Y Since one good tourniquet 

‚ | deserves another, a rash 
of "Dr. Shows" is sure to 
T break out — and old shows 
will have to hypo formats. 


LABOR DAY CARDS 12 


Ji If labor & management used 
| greeting cards to express 
/ their feelings, they could 


1 = \/ reach for the Norcross in- 
eye stead of the double-cross! 


CORPORATION SUMMER CAMPS 17 


A suggestion to Industry: 
Brainwash an Organization 
Man while he's still wet 
behind the ears—like when 
he's in the swim at camp. 


SUMMER REPLACEMENTS 28 


After reading this article 
on summer substitutes in 
everyday life, you'll see 
why we should have used a 
substitute article in MAD. 


E &R R SENIOR CITIZEN PROBLEM ............ 35 


What'll we do with all the 
© “singers” if Rock 'n' Roll 
. ever dies? It'd be differ 
ent if they were trained 
4 for something — like music. 


EATING OUT ever . 40 


+ This article guarantees to 
9 discourage you from eating 


' eut. You won't want to... 
<Р A ‘cause it'll make you too 
(fà nauseous to think of food. 

"S 


THE MAD CELEBRITY PRIMER 45 


MAD offers a basic reader 
to teach immature kids how 
to emulate Show Biz Stars. 
In other words, act natur- 
al... like immature kids! 


WRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, re 


NINE BOMBS ARE 
ON THEIR WAY! 


. and they're all gonna hit my house! 
So if you want a few blasts of your own — 
mainly nine issues for the price of eight — 


SUBSCRIBE TO 


VIA 


een اللا‎ coupon or duplicate a asse = = s m =, 


MAD SUBSCRIPTIONS 
850 Third Avenue, New York 22, N. Y. 


Okay! Your jerk warfare has hit home! My home! 
My civil defenses are down, and I'm sick of my 
sheltered life! Here's $2.00. Enter my nome on 


your subscription list, and score o direct hit 
on my mail box with the next $ issues of 
MAD. lust remember this early warning: If you 


and my bombs won't be duds! 
Outside U. S. A.: $2.50 


miss-ile retclicte 


NAME 
ADDRESS 
CITY 
STATE 
Allow 8 weeks for subscnpuon to be processed 


ZON E 


THIS OFFER EXPIRES SEPT. 24TH! 


Yep, this offer of a tull-color portrait 
of Alfred E. Neuman, MAD's "What-Me 
Worry?" kid, expires on September 24th 

because that’s when this issue goes off 
sale, But don't worry! A new offer will 
start on Sept. 25th with the new issue 
So you got plenty of time to order yours. 
Mail 25c to: MAU, Dept. "What—Color?" 
850 Thitd Avenue, New York 22, New York 


LETTERS DEPT. 


/ 


Address all mail about this issue to: 
MAD, Dept. 74, 850 Third Avenue 
New York 22, New York 


Dear MAD Gang, 

As you so well illustrate in MAD, one 
picture is worth a thousand words. Here's 
to your next satirical decade! 


FADIAN 


s a €4 9 


Dear Alfie:— 

To think — ten years of MADness! 
Which have brought gladness to many of 
us poor souls who otherwise would suffer 
sadness. May your next ten cause as much 
of a yen in many a den from coast-to- 
coast. You're MAD, MAD, MAD mc lad, 
and that's good —it ain't had 

МАЮ, 
JOHNNY МАТНІЅ 


Dear Mr. Feldstein, 

Bravo for MAD Magazine. It is glori- 
ous satire and the art work is magnificent 
My comment is a delayed take. Suddenly, 
today, I decided MAD's greatness. Been 
reading it for a long time 

Long may it flourish, 
LOUIS NYE 


proper amount 


A MESSAGE FROM THE EDITORS 


This "Letter Page" is the result of а qoq 
that hackfired mainly the one we pulled 
in our "Tenth Anniversary" issue (2:72) 


The inside cover depicted a small memo 
from the Publisher to the Editor suggesting 
thot the space be reserved for “some of the 


thousands of congratulatory letters and tele- 
grams that are sure to pour in." Naturally, 
the rest of the cover was blank. However, 
when the issue hit the stands, much to our 
surprise, congratulations did hegin pouring 
in. So we're foregoing our usucl Letter Page 
to prosent some.—Ed 


Twist" and Race, 


In all the hub-bub of 
'To be the first in "Outer Space" 
Is gentle MAD, 
The farthest ont 
Of whom this ditty is about, 
Happy Anniversary! 


LYLE BETTGER 


хажжан 


Dear Fellows ac MAD Magazine, 

] think that you're very funny, and 1 
read your book all the time. Ho—Hee—Ha! 
What a marvelous thing you've done—for 
magazines! 

Judge Crater 
alias BOBBY DARIN 


и xx 


8:8 


Dear Alfred E. Neuman and Gentlemen: 
Stanley Kramer says “It's a Mad, Mad, 
Mad, Mad World.” One MAD 1з good 
enough for me! 
With interest and admiration. 
Sincerely, 


DANNY KAYE 


WE'VE GROWN ACCUSTOMED TO HIS FACE... 


BUT WITH A LITTLE BIT OF LUCK... 


We'll get rid of a 


BISQUE CHINA HEAD OF 


| enclose 
‚же ALFRED E. NEUMAN 
oma On The Street Where You Live 
П v EAM MAD BUST 
850 Third Avenue, New York 22. N. Y. 
[ ] vuU NAME 
ADDRESS 
Check size(s) 
and enclose CITY. ZONE _ 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright 2 КҮТ Shy E.C. Publications, "Inc. аа a ah 


The 10th Anniversary of Mad Magazine 
EXTENSION OP REMARKS 


НОМ, BENJAMIN 5, ROSENTHAL 


OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Thursday, May 17, 1962 


Mr. ROSENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, this 
month marks the 10th anniversary of & 
publishing phenomenon that exempli- 
fles one of the strengths of our free 
soclely. Irefer to Mad magazine, which 
for the past 10 years has humorously 
pointed out the laughable foibles of busi- 
ness, labor, advertising, television, sports, 
and entertainment—to say nothing of 
politica, 

Mad magazine has let people laugh 
at those in high places without damage 
lo those high places themselves, It has 
poked fun at many uspects of the Amer- 
ican scene, and the country is the better 
for its ralllery. We are all apt to take 
ourselves too seriously at times, whether 
wc arc businessmen, newspapermen, law- 
yers, or even Congressmen. It is then 
that we arc fair targets for the satirist, 
if we live in a truly free country with a 
truly free press. 

This magazine has succeeded in tick- 
ling America’s funnybone during this 
Mad decade because Americans are al- 
ways ready to laugh, even when the joke 
is on them. Some of our greatest Presi- 
dents, for example, relished the political 
satirists of their day. Lincoln was an 
Artemus Warde and Petroleum V. Naseby 
fan, Theodore Roosevelt read Mr. Dooley 
to his Cabinet. and the ready quips and 
hearty laugh of Franklin D. Roosevelt 
and Harry S, Truman are familiar to all 
of us today. President Kennedy's quick 
wit is already historic. 

I see no reason, Mr. Speaker, why we 
in the Congress of the United States, 
who have so often been the target of 
Mad's jests, should not in a spirit of 
good humor nevertheless publicly con- 
gratulate the magazine that mocks us 
and those responsible for its success. 
As their victims, we may not always be 
glad, but as good sports, we hope they 
will always stay Mad. 


CONGRESSIONAL RECORD 
Thursday, May 17, 1962 
Vol. 108, No. 79, Pg. A3728 


zs ж * * 


Dear Alfie— 

1 want to congratulate you on your 10th 
Anniversary. You are a genius! Just one 
question, please—your 10th Anniversary 
of what? ? 


Love you madly— 


Dear Master Alfred: 

Do not boast ot this anniversary, young 
man. The fact that you have survived for 
ten years merely testifies to the infinite 
tolerance of the American magazine 
reader. 

Yours, more in sadness than in censure, 

MARY WORTII 

(Loyally supported by Allen 
Saunders and Ken Ernst, who 
happen to be supported by her. ) 


To The Gang At Mad:— 
Your lOth Anniversary issue recalled 
this letter we wrote you some time ago: 


May 23,1951 
Gentlemen: 

Our friend told us about your plans 
for a new magazine, and gave us a dummy 
copy of the proposed first issue. 

Our keen sense of smart business in- 
vestment tells us this idea will undoubtedly 
be a real bomb! 

Yours truly, 


Bob Elliott and Ray Goulding 


Happy anniversary—and we still feel the 
same way! 
BOB and RAY 


r$ ЖЖ ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I HAVE BEEN 
READING MAD 
SINCE 1952, 
BUT IT HAS 
HAD NO EFFECT 
ON ME. 
SB Canyon. 


Calane!, CUSAF 


tme, TM 
PU EE 1 


= 


MAY 
THE NEXT 
TEN YEARS 


HdA © 


SUN 


"3 


MAD goes оп sale. Entire nation 
declared a “Disaster Area." 


Navajo Indian weavers agree to 
a blanket wage proposal, 1952. 


Auto thief Calvin Sinkstuff swipes a small economy 2 
car for a Lark, comes home їп а Fury, 1961. 


Murine begins construction of new factory after ^U 
approving area as "A site for sore eyes!'', 1953. 


Philo Phortesque becomes first man 
to hiccup in stereo, 1960. 


Spinster Lydia Dukweather examines first pair of 
nylon stockings, calls them sheer nonsense, 1932. 


“A good electrician should always keep 
in contact with current events!" 


Alfreds Poor ALMANAC 


| After 20 years in the "um Mills kitchens, aig? 
Betty Crocker goes stir-crazy, 1955. 


Senate shelves impeachment proceedings‏ ,5 .لا 
against President Thomas E. Dewey, 1955.‏ 


Rurglar Quentin Veeny breaks into Carnegie Hall, 
is credited with 17 stolen basses, 1949. 


"A traveling salesman in Tibet 
is always good for а few yaks!" 


Yachting enthusiast Ardsley Phimont is deserted 
by wealthy wife, forcing him to float a loan, 1951. = & 


ie КО, 


Sprinter Helmut Von Mutt wins 100-yard dash at | sed 


Horace Haversham invents 
the dirty joke, 1564. 


Prospector Mickey Bitsko sells California gold mine, 
1851—says "That's a lode off my mind!” 


Opera star Ingrid Mudgaard sails to Europe for concert. 
Fellow passengers get very sick on high C's, 1948. 


Harriet Lummox sets fire to boarding house, | 
putting an end to all those ugly roomers, 1901. |g 


Bird-watcher Pete Awk pooh-poohs the Whooping Crane, 
1961—says, “If you've seen 28, you've seen 'em all!” 


United States gladly acknowledges Soviet Union's 
claim to invention of the Edsel, 1957. 


Labor Day—commemorating Pickett's Charge ar 
during Acme Bagel Bakers’ strike, 1905. 


Structural engineer Milton Koogle finds he cannot à 
eat a bite after his bridge is washed out, 1946. 


Actual silver dollar flipped by George Raft in his 
movies auctioned at Benefit, 1951. Highest bid, 98. 


"A man who forgets where he left his 
suitcase has surely lost his grip!” 


President Millard Fillmore signs 
non-aggression pact with wife, 1851. 


Movie-goer Renfrew Witkin stoned to death b friends 
for revealing surprise ending of Psycho,” 1960. 


"A singing cowboy is happiest when 
he's working in some old chorale!” 


Professional Golfers Association agrees to MS 
caddies' demands for a daily tee break, 1947. 


France's “Reign of Terror” begins. Madame La Farge 
coins catchy new slogan: “Plan A Head”, 1792. 


Stripper Vera Flebbish tries out new act on wrong 
runway, delays 8 departures at Idlewild Airport, 1956. 


Whistler stops work on his famae naintina د‎ 


d 


Fast Berlin track meet, 1961—keeps on "me Bet] 
Australian divorcee returns to Sidney. LAS P. E/] 
Sidney refuses to take her back, 1947. »- 2 эф. 


Egyptian patriot Omar Faud begins pilgrimage to meet 
Nasser. 1959— says. “I'd walk a mile for a Gamal!” 


LIFE's subscription stencil machine jams. Ed Funk rat 
of Boston, Mass. receives 247,578 copies, 1959, fa) 


Hornet gets caught in Salome's fifth veil, 
bringing about invention of the broad jump, 28 A.D. 


WRITER: FRANK JACOBS 


"A cruise ship that attempts to sail through a 
narrow passage will end up in desperate straits!” 


Day after Labor Day—Don't forget to report 
your fatality to the National Safety Council. [5 


Astronaut John Glumm drops important vitamin pill, 
is saved by successful recovery of capsule, 1961. 


Experimental Sears, Roebuck catalogue printed on 
tissue paper, 1937. Rural circulation zooms 100096. 


Commodore Perry discovers that a us £9 
battle can be an Erie experience, 1813. 


Francis Scott Key composes 
his only hit song, 1814. 


VGH! THIS 


Beginning of Indian Summer, i" wae | 


when heat is in tents, 


“A woman who douses herself with too much = 
perfume has an air of desperation about her!” 


D one« off «ale, Nation 


discovering his mother i АДАТ) Copyright 620 2006 d E.C. Publications, Inc.tecovery, 


МУЗ NYL МУМ YSP asau 914040) $, JN WO .لام‎ 


INTERN FOR THE WORST DEPT. 
Due to recent probes of the TV industry, the networks were forced to. put a curb on the high-rating shows 
that featured violence and bloodshed. They were then faced with the problem of how to give the people the 
carnage they love, and also keep the F.C.C. off their backs. The dilemma was solved by the creation of 
the “Doctor Show"! Now, viewers can still enjoy the misfortunes of others in gory detail, and even Newton 
Minow can't say anything bad about doctors! But we can!—in our version of the bloodiest show on TV— 


o KILIOY 


SILVERSTONE 
чу? 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER WRITER: LOU 


N 


You owe them 
something, too! 
Mainly, what they 
tuned in to seel 
Plenty of BLOOD! 


No, idiot! My 
brilliant acting 
technique! | 
don't know beans 
about surgery! 


Another thing, always bear in mind that, 
as a doctor, your first duty is to your 
patient. However, as a “television doctor," 
you also have 8 duty to the sponsors, and 
that vast, unseen audience out there 
glued to their television sets... 


Scalpel...Hemostat... 
Now, pay close attention 
to my brilliant technique, 
Kiljoy, and maybe...just 
maybe, you might learn 
something! 


Your brilliant 
surgical technique, 
Doctor Guillotine? 


Kiljoy! Can't you do any- 
thing right? Haven't you 
listened to what I've been 
teaching you for the past 
year? The camera with the 
RED light is the one 
that's on YOU! That whole 
gory bit was WASTED! 
Nobody saw it! 


Doctor Golly! We take advantage of 
Guillotine! What do this fortunate turn 
The patient's we do of events, Kiljoy! 
heart has now? We now perform one 
stopped! Ч of our best ‘Doctor 
Show” sequences! We 
cut open his chest 
and massage his | 


Oops! Slippery little 
devil, isn't it...? 


eS v = : 


Nurse! Clean up 


I'm not worried about 


Dr. Guillotine, would 


the patient, Kiljoy! this... Yecch you mind looking at one 
4) Kiljoy! He seems to Ё  But—if the patient He's dead! It's Ben ...mess! Come of my patients? It's a H- 
be gaining... | seems to be gaining Casehistory I'm worried 1 on, Kiljoy, VII very interesting case! 
9! why are you worried? about! His rating seems 9 أب‎ let you buy me A gangland shooting... 
| = to be gaining on ours! | a cup of coffee! ue 
е aS 


SEX 


What are you doing now? 


Hairy chap, That's the 
isn't he? idea, Kiljoy! 
Those shrieks = 
of agony are I'm probing for the bullet | 
music to the | rz 
sponsors’ ears! | Good! Good! The only serious | | 


| Hmmm! A very professional job! 
Xo 


А Not your work, Kiljoy! The shooting! 
fi You'd better change the dressing... 
t = а 3 25 


criticism | have is that you 
forgot to use any anesthesia! | 


No wonder he's making such a fuss! 
a 4 


- ^ = E 


And another thing, Kiljoy! It's not 
ethical for a doctor to sign his work! 


| figure Kiljoy! You have a great future! 
it pays to | | Unfortunately, it's not in Medicine! 
advertise! = 

у What do you say to some lunch! All 
these operations have stimulated 


my gastric juices! 


4 
Hi 


ns, Inc. 


= 


` = 22 " 0 А 
BRAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publicatio 


ГЕ 5 1 
Dr. Kiljoy . . , and | use the word 


V^ 


Ketchup... Ketchup... Doctor 
lh “Doctor” advisedly . , . if you never Guillotine! 
Salt.. a i avea || learn another thing from me, please | Emergency! 
Шоу? || hamburger! || remember this! Never... NEVER eat Report ta 
Pepper. c] Pepper... ON NM 5 | a hamburger in a hospital cafeteria! че mee’ 
| ١ E N S = ><, Emergency! 


J> 


= You THERE] م‎ 
إلا‎ TIME! 2 


It's no use ! Nothing 
will save this soup! |  : 
E бе? 
SENS. 


l've got to see 
a Psychiatrist! 
1 feel that I'm 
only half-safe! 


I'm suffering 
from the pains 
of headache, 
neuritis and 
neuralgia... 


What major disaster!? This The acid in 
is just a normal ordinary my stomach 
day of misery and pana at keeps going 

Blaah — Hospital . drip, drip, 


TE E. I drip... 


i & 
نا‎ } 


Great Scott! 
What happened? 
it looks like a 
major disaster! «1 


bile has 
stopped 
flowing! 


fan Sut 
AE. MA 


LOCAL 
ANESTHETIC 
T EVER GIVE 


Nurse! Prepare this man 
doing the for surgery! All right, 
“Twist” with Kiljoy! Here's your 
Kathryn chance to do your stuff! 
lIl just stand around 
and criticize! 


Why, it's 
Arthur 
Murray... 


Don't be a fool, Kiljoyl We 
don't treat these people! 
They're rehearsing to go on 
for our sponsors in the 
commercial breaks! 


What in 
blazes I'm going to start 
are you treating all these 
doing?! people to relieve 
their suffering, 

Dr. Guillotine! 


муд 038 N¥d ауза чыр osouy оо JR AID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Hmmm! Broken tibia, No! NO! That's “Hip bone connected to Doctor Kiljoy! How'd you 
radius and latissimus the thigh bone" Kiljoy, you are without a Guillotine! like to perform an 

dorsi! Dum-dum-da-dum! || doubt, the most bumbling, incompetent, || Мау | speak extremely delicate 
Hip bone connected to clumsy excuse for an intern | have ever to you? It's 


the ankle bone... had the misfortune to be associated with! 


important! 


(i 


AN KS © 
ا‎ N 
dices) qu АМ 


ELE. M Fa N om 
But you just You are! But the only Let's see! The He's got it! Scalpel... f Doctor, that's Splendid work, 
said | was a way you'll ever improve camera with By George. he's clamp... { not a sponge! Kiljoy! Splendid! 
bumbling, is to practice! Go to it! the red light got it! Kiljoy, gauze.. That's the Camera—zoom in # 
. clumsy and You're strictly on your is the one you may fool Nurse, take 
incompetent...|| own in this case! Just that's on me! || me, and become this sponge 
\ 7 7 z try to remember some 7A جع‎ a doctor yet! j away! It's a 
= 4 of the things I've , - 


{ bloody mess! 


taught you! 


~ 


You can stop operating, Doctor! She means 
The patient has expired! ? he's dead, Kiljoy! 


كد 


You mean you're 
not going to 
hollar on me 

like you always 
do when | botch 
things up? 


U 


Forget it, Kiljoy! 

That's the breaks! 
No doctor can win 
them all! 


Guillotine, 
1 guess 1 
goofed again! 


2 | 
2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc.» 


ONE 
Em. 


E 0 x 


Where is he? Yecch?! He That's EX-pired, Kiljoy! B 


No, Kiljoy! As a | Someone to Good Lord! 
matter of feck, i'm j see you, Dr. The mark || where's my What have  perspirea! 
going to congratulate | peste of Zorra! Ben, the you done траг OH anm 


you! You performed a 
great service, not 
only to the medical 
profession, but to 
our sponsors as well! 
That patient was— 
Ben Casehistory! 


2 х 
Осон Way seen? that your Ben has gone 


to that great Operating WB 
Room in the Sky! ۹ 


card! 


m ү» га AN 
28 E woM 
Sr» 


«д 


© 4 


NSS \ 


That schlemiel! You Nurse, what's 
can keep him! I that commotion 
want somebody with out in the 


it's a bunch of mean, 
sullen, stubborn, moody, 
ill-tempered, angry 


Ben Casehistory!? Don't worry, Zorra! 
Gone? But—what will There are plenty of 
become of me? Who young doctors around 


ri 
get 
rid of 


ever heard of a who would be happy a personality. A corridor? young men! | them! | [ff 
"Dactor Shaw" without to have you as their mean, sullen, SI 
a young doctor getting father image! stubborn, moody, 
involved in idiotic ill-tempered angry 
situations so that а young man like my 


kindly, lovable, wise Now take Kiljoy . . . late Ben! 


old doctor, mainly, 
me, can come to his 
rescue?! 


Sorry, fellows! Like, man— we ain't We're from We hear that All right! Let Sure—only, 
We're not using J.D.'s! We're M.D.'s— the Medical "Big Daddy" me hear you say like, man, 
any switchblade METHOD DOCTORS! Branch of Zorra needs, | | Clamp!"— what's my 
bits on this 5 Actor's like a new "'Sponge!'"— motivation? 
week's show! е Studio! assistant! *"'Scalpel!"', , . 


1 4 
NS 


NEP 404515 


senny aon os ыз, ыз AMAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ә 


AMBULANCE CHASING DEPT. 


Whenever a new-type TV show is successful, there’s always a rash of 
imitations rushed out. So you can bet your rabbit ear antenna that, 
with the success of "Dr. Kildare" and “Ben Casey," we're gonna see 
an avalanche of new “Doctor Shows." Which is entirely unnecessary! 
Because with just a slight adjustment in format and title, here's 


how old standby TV shows can cash in on this vogue, and become... 

MRS. G. GOES TO MED SCHOOL AMBULANCE 54, WHERE ARE YOU? 
Patient's blood count is 20, pupils are 
dilated, electro-encephlograph is erratic, 

respiration is poor, biopsy is positive, 


and he's not breathing. Now, Mrs. G., 
what would you prescribe? 


Hmmm, maybe 
a little 
chicken 


Qooh! Oooh! We gotta hurry to the Forget it! 
scene of the accident! Maybe we We just ran 
can save that hit-and-run victim! over him! 


AMBULANCE 54 


ADVENTURES IN PARANOIA 


The paranoic is dangerous because he shows MI When | say And now it's time to “Tell The Trauma''!— 
no emotion while hatching his diabolical "three" — f Will the girl who really had her nose fixed 
plans. His mouth is set, his voice is a grab him! ‚ 7 9 .. . please stand up! 
monotone, his face ts expressionless, and 1 Я ^4 
his eyes are glazed... 


: x ES 
ЖА ДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RE TV 


ARTIST: JACK RICKARD 
WRITER: STAN HART 


DICAL SHOWS 


HAVE BAG, WILL TRAVEL 


What do you mean, "experience"? | had 
a five year residency on “MEDIC''ll 


TED MAC’S MEDICAL AMATEUR HOUR 


Remember, phone in your votes for the An appendectomy, 
amateur surgeon you think did the best using just two 
operation on our collection of penniless spoons and a 
derelicts, And now, here is our next amateur can opener!! 
surgeon:—Elmer Neoteny of Boise, Idaho. 
What operation are you going to try to 


JP -wil Travel | 


e 


cL 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


THE PRICE IS RIDICULOUS 


Mr. Bixby recently had two ribs removed, and 
a lung collapsed. Now, panel—how much do you 
think this operation cost? We'll start the 
bidding at two hundred and fifty dollars... 


RickARp 


**MOLLY GOLDBERG's favorite Chinese dish: МОО МОО OY VAY 


NEUROTIC CITY 


There are eight million mental cases in the 
"Neurotic City"! This has been one of them! 


12 


EXECUTIVE SUITE-TALK DEPT. 


With Labor Day almost upon us, everybody is getting ready to salute the Labor Unions of America... 
Everyone, that is, except the people who have to bargain with them, namely Management. MAD feels it 
is only fitting that Management should have the opportunity to pay its sincere respects to Organized 
Labor on Labor Day. And so, slightly choked up with sentiment, we now present this 1962 selection of 


LABOR DAY 


FROM MANAGEMEN 


= TO A SUCCESSFUL STRIKING LOCAL 


CONVICTED LABOR ORGANIZER 


Your strike has lasted 40 weeks 
And shows no sign of ending; 
Your Union Boss is tough and firm 
And shows no sign of bending; 
You've made your point! We see no need 
For further arbitration! 
Surprise! We've used these 40 weeks 
To put in automation! 


You ve unionized upholsterers, 
Mechanics and morticians, 


You've unionized biologists, A pity that your walkout failed, 
Explorers and magicians; Oh, Local 905! 
We thought your Strike Fund's million bucks 
f ТЫ j B "Tu 

You've unionized from coast to coast — Would keep your strike alive! 

From Hollywood to Trenton How could you know the money that 

And now you've 10 to 20 years You filled your Union “till” with 

To unionize San Quentin! Your ever-loyal Treasurer 


Would run off to Brazil with? 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE 
WRITER: FRANK JACOBS 


TOA You rabbit-punched our president 
And overturned his car; 
HIRED You smashed our gates and pelted eggs; 
GANG Dut now you've gone too far! 
No matter how vou threaten us 
OF Or yell or shout or scream— 


PROFESSIONAL We'll never, never let you join 
Our Monday bowling team! 
PICKETS 
TO A RED-HOT 
LABOR NEGOTIATOR 


You've won your 20-hour w eek, 
And that is not to mention 

Your triple time for overtime, 

Your pay hike, and your pension! 
The contract we were forced to sign 
No other firm will top; 

Too bad you won't enjoy it, cause 
We've had to close up shop! 


| 

You shovel up the coal that gives 

Our railroad trains their power; 
For this your Union sees to it 

You get five bucks an hour; 
So why do people say that you're 

A featherbedding weasel? | 
Because you know as well as we 

The whole darn railroad's diesel ! 


AOL 71H ONS AV ‘USIP SAUD 914050) $,33AO DIN NVWAM.. 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


13 


LABOR DAY CARDS 


BUT JUST TO KEEP THINGS FAIR... HERE ARE SOME 
FROM LABOR TO MANAGEMENT 


FROM THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS 


TO GENERAL MOTORS CORP. 


| VEGOTIATE, i908 


«ан N 


/... meta I 


FORD 
! Setzer | 


FUTURES 


We'll soon be sitting down with you 
lo see if there's a way 
| To get the GM Management 


to raise our rate of pay; 


200,000 workers simply 


Cause if we are, we'll all go out 


| and buy a brand new Ford! 


| cannot be ignored, 


| FROM THE 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF MUSICIANS 
TO THE 
NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC 


Other unions have their woes, but 
us—we haven't any; 
lf we walked out, you'd only have 
our music stands and Lenny; 
The threat of automation fills us 
with no fears and qualms: 
‘Cousa automation just can't work 
with Mozart, Bach and Brahms! 


14 


FROM THE CONSTRUCTION WORKERS 10 THE 
BUILDING CONTRACTORS 


In case you think of turning down 
The pay hike we demand; 
The next time that we mix cement 


There may be too much sand 
The girders may not stay in place 
But do not think the worst; 
We'll have your building up in time— 
Unless it falls down first! 


You tried to raise the price of steel, 
Bul much to your dismay, 

| You found instead you only raised 
` The wrath of IFK. 

So now you fellows are despised 
Throughout the New Frontier. 
While Labor's loved—at least until 
We meet again next year! 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NL 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART | 


Riding the wave of popularity he recently achieved as author of a paperback 
book, MAD's maddest artist, Don Martin—who often goes off the deep end — 
now relates his abridged version of a toll tale . . . mainly the time he went о 


WA pe? Sarsi 


“D 


Pr t are Ge 7 SEZ بت يو‎ 


Set 


pv You moron! How many times do | hove to 
7 ° — - 


tell you! ! want this bridge — 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


We'll try it again-and mind you, no slip-ups!! 


NC‏ سر اة 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BLUE CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOCK DEPT, 


A common practice among Big Business Organizations is to set up . . . and to try to make the public forget 
scholarship funds and research grants bearing their names. They that the founders of these corporations 


do this for! two important reasons; To cust a good corporat image were a bunch of moncy-grabbing bandits! 


pases TZER 
} 5 VEEBLEFE 
| таун Fon 


THE SFORTZ CORP. STUDENT 


DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM 


| | D ‘MONEY | 
ONSOLIDAO ATE 
THE CORP. FEL 2008 


They do it for another reason, too. They hope that the young This type of activity is commonly known 
people who benefit by these scholarships and fellowships will as “Philanthropic Public Service.” It 
eventually go to work for the corporations that sponsored them. is also known as “Sneaky Advertising!” 


RESIDENT 


However, it doesn’t always work! Many people who benefit by scholarships and research funds from one 
corporation often go to work for competitive companies. And MAD has discovered why this happens. 
Big organizations are not brain-washing young men and women at an early-enough age! People in their 
late teens and early twenties are too independent. MAD feels that if corporations want to lure young 
people into joining нин, they've got to go after them early in life. In fact, here's what could happen 


ARTIST: BOB CLARKE WRITER: LARRY SIEGEL 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


favorite Chinese dish TOO LONG YAK YAK 


**DANID SUSSKIND’s 


17 


BANO CORD TO INDOCTRINATE FUTURE EMPLOYEES 
CAMP FORD OF THE FORD MOTOR COMPANY 


— Ш 
Hi, kids! I'm Uncle Henry! Welcome to Camp Ford. Those of You'll be glad to Hey, what's that That's the 1963 
you who were here in 1961 probably notice that our new know that our “sister” section of build- Camp Ford! | 
1962 camp is a lot lower and longer—giving you big camp D camp—Camp Mercury— ings over there hear if we drink 
comfort at a small camp price, We've also got an exciting has been moved further covered with that our milk every 
new ‘Compact Mess Hall” this year, which is far superior up the lake, which means huge white sheet? day, they'll lift 
to those in foreign summer camps. And as for our food, you you'll be getting more the sheet on Labor 
will find that it's improved considerably. Which means miles to the gals! - Day, and let us 


your bodies will be a lot do шый. this year! take a peek at it! 


к 


e 


| Listen! If my | Hey, where | Letter, my neck! He Û [ Hoy. you kids! Stop | 
| family could | are you was taking down what you're doing 
afford all the | guys taking | | secret data about | and come out of. | 
fall out of bed, Ё accessories | Freddie? All Ф this сатр and рге- that Oil Burner _ 
we can have at a slight | | he was doing paring to send it | | room at once! How | 
“Safety Belts” || extra charge, | was writing | to one of the other К many times must | 
for strapping I'd be going | а letter! " Low-Priced Three tell you that in 
ourselves in— to Camp T > camps! Freddy is a | this year's bunk- 
at a slight Cadillac! _| company spy for house model, the 
extra charge! Camp Chevrolet! bathroom is in 
the front! 


| hear that if 
we have a 
tendency to 


How do you like 
the way | short- 
sheeted Uncle 
Henry's bunk, 
and dumped all 
those frogs and 
ants in it? 


| got news for 
you! The bunks 
have been 
changed around В 
in this year's 
Camp Model! 
That's your 
bunk! 


== 31 5 та =] == 

C’mon boys! Are you kidding, And when we And when we finish And they Hey, how come nobody | Shhh! That's 

Let's pitch Uncle Henry? We've finish the that, we're going also get lives in that crazy- the “Edsel 

in on that already put in ice cream, out on strike! The a percentage looking bunkhouse Bunkhouse’! 
assembly line. three minutes work we're taking kids over at Camp of the profits „ out there? How come They don't 
We've got to оп the machines! our pre-lunch Rambler have a 2- from wallet inside the bunkhouse like to talk 
turn out 1,000 We're on our mid- candy break! minute work day!! sales. the beds are on the | about that 
wallets during | morning half-hour á х ы wall, the footlockers around here!! 


this Arts and | ice cream break! | 1 are on the ceiling, ^ ZU S 
Crafts Class! i ; ; and the bathroom is 
- оп the roof? 


E „Сә 


fovorite Chinese dish: SKI NOS KWIP KWIP 


HOPE'S 


PARADA TO INDOCTRINATE FUTURE 
CAMP B B D & 0 ADVERTISING AGENCY EMPLOYEES 


Welcome aboard, boys! Name-wise, I'm Uncle Ozzie! We try to How does I'd think it What do you say we I'll salute 
run a tight ship here at Camp BBD&O, and we hope you'll fall his plan was wise-wise, run him up the flag — that ideal! 
in with us, fun-wise! There'll be plenty of fun-conferences, strike you if it weren't pole—drop him—and 
we'll sing lots of camp jingles, апа on Visitors’ Day, you idea-wise? ^ sostupid-wise! ^ see if he bounces? 
will be able to compare those old parents you've been using 
ali these years with some exciting new parents—just in case 
any of you would like to make a big change, and see. Well, 
it's a hot day, so what do you say we all adjourn to the 
Recreation Hall for a seven-hour conference on whether or 
not we should go swimming, lake-wise? 


= 1 FEX CER. 


Well, gang! It's I'm just talking MI What's with this Tommy's really Don't you think 
getting a little off the top of Tommy and his f know these $ going places you should tell } "Snake-Bite" 
late! We've been my head now, radical ideas? hot-shot in this camp! Uncle Ozzie about | conference 
at this campfire Uncle Ozzie, but Mj What's he doing, Junior-boys! ! hear he's the rattlesnake isn't until 
conference for how does this $ bucking for Vice- the first that just Wednesday! 
five hours! Any- sound? What do Counselor or ou: Junior with E m 
body got any you say we something? 1 А an ulcer, j 
suggestions— light the fire? 7 2 “> stomach-wise! 
Inventive-wise? a 


It's time to write home to Hey, Uncle Close, but a little Not bad, but it Terrific! “Тһе Yeah! Except 
your parents, gang! Now, Ozzie! How's too female- just misses! Let's Crimson Cluster for one thing! 
naturally, you don't want this? We'll oriented. How does run this one up With V-17, The We used that 
to tell them that you've tell them we f this sound? We've our arms, and see Secret irritating one for the 
all got poison ivy! That all have "The § got "The Scarlet if anyone scratches: Ingredient!" MEASLES 
expression just doesn't Rose-Colored f Blotch With Added § "The Crimson Cluster B That's sound last week! 
come off well, camp-image- Tinge"! Hexachloro-Red''! f With V-17, The Secret § thinking, Stevie! 
wise. Let's see if we can Irritating Ingredient’! 
replace it with a good, : 1 
catchy acceptable name 
that'll sell! 


en TO INDOCTRINATE FUTURE 
CAMP Wi Ы M SHOW BUSINESS PERSONALITIES 


A ^ up 4, жй» go S MEDI = <==: = go Areas 
{ Hi, Sweeties! Welcome to fabulous ) Ca M-G-M! I'm Uncle J. G.! As you can see. our | Uncle B.F.I My daddy | | suggest you | | 
camp is sensational, colossal, spectacular and fantastic. But don't worry—we're | gave me $2.50 spending deposit it in 
going to fix it up soon! Now here's today's schedule! At 10 AM, we have Swimming, money for the Summer. a Swiss Bank, 
so everybody out of your bunk-mansions and into your individual swimming pools—! | wonder if there's a Baby! You'll 
At 2 PM, we're going on a 5-Milc Hike. Of course, cach of you will have a stand-in safe place around here get a better 
kid to do the actual walking for you, so you can take it easy all afternoon. At 4 where І can keep it? tax break that 
PM, we're having Color War. That's when you fight it out among yourselves wlio gets way! 


a red chauffeured Jaguar and who gets a black one. Have fun sweeties, and remember, 
your parents can visit you only once a month, but your agents can drop in any time. 


gig PRU 22 271: выда + SN т: (0:4 с 1 3 sur Ap وله‎ NEE АРЕ 


ni n | 151115 51441 15232 054 1; 207 1 тилигиз. ы 7 171 


That's right, 


it Richie, Baby! | Arnie, Baby! You J FTE Gee, Herbie? Do | It might be arranged, | Eddie! What's | 
WH 1 caught that | look fabulous! | No, I've you think there's Doll! Why not drop in this | hear Sweetie! Frankly. 
|| "7 belt you made | Where'd you get | got Poison | апу chance of me | at my bunk-mansion аќ about you I'm getting tired 
4 in Arts and that healthy red Sumac, singing a camp 3:00 this afternoon, walking out in of being typed as 
|| Crafts today! | glow? Been taking | Sweetiel song solo at the and we'll talk about the middle of a Bird Watcher! | 
| 


| al Sensational! inthesunby | ШИП il campfire tonight? it over a ehupia ef Nature Study want to branch 
' h It's you, 4 your БЕ } uH drinks of milk? Class today? out into something И 
IE Sweetheart! о А 


17 lài 3 
n" 


j wi 
N 


Vu ups l " earthy—like Moss 
1 ff 1 Ч Identification! 
EN 


S 


Tough luck, 
Mickey! ١ 


1—I'm all choked up! As you all 
know, you cannot win an award 


And now, the 
trophy for the 


Hey! What's the Idiot! You took 
idea? Give me my left profile! 


back my camera! | How many times “Best Junior like this alone! It takes the was sure 
All | wanted was || ! gotta tell you: Swimmer of the work of many people. And so, you'd win 
My right side is Year"! The I'd like to thank my swimming for your 


my good side! nominees are: 


Don West, Mickey 
Bitsko and Eddie 
Frick... The 
envelope please! 

| And the winner 
8 is—EDDIE FRICK!! 


instructor, Uncle T.K.; my won- performance 

derful Mother and Father, who 5 in the 
bought me my water wings; and Ё "Swim Meet 

last but not least, all the id | Against Camp 

wonderful campers who voted for | » Paramount"! 

me 'cause | bribed them with C ES 

extra desserts! Thank уоп... 
sob...sob... thank y-youll! 


a photo of you 
i for the camp 
М newspaper! 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT PART | 


Antonio Prohias, whose anti-Communist cartoons so angered Fidel Castro that 
he was forced to flee Cuba, brings us another installment of that friendly 
rivalry between the man in black and the man in white—better known as... 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NVYAITINS d3..‏ .| زه 


Si^ 


эшч” 


OOHS 918 337 339 WIP ә 


FREEDOM WITH SPEECH DEPT. 
In the last issue of MAD, we re-printed 


several very funny captioned-photographs 
from Gerald Gardner's new book "Who's In 
Charge Here?" The reaction to this kind 
of humor was so enthusiastic that we all 
decided to invite Gerry to continue his 


work on a regular basis for MAD. Here, 
then, is his first collection of photos BY GERALD GARDNER 
for the new MAD feature which we call — 


Photos by UPI and Wide World 


Hey! That 
baseball 
has a fuse 


nm But, Barry! The 
RI 


1 Ж Government has | 
always delivered © 


the mail on it— 


: WH 


Hi, Frank—Sammy— 


MEE Dino! Jack will be 
يه‎ along in a minute! 
р ; › 

TM s dealing. . 7 5 Big deal! So | p. 


can't pull your 
hands apart! 


22 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


FROM PICTURES 


„теч LU E ne === 
5 your blubbering! Caroline . 
[ 4 Я! | What do you care = 
| є 4 | what she daes with нн the | 


i mee 


Th. 


| the White House! 
| 


You know, this 
gefilte fish 
isn't bad... 


And "Ring-a-ding-ding" 
to you, Mr. Sinatra! 


"BAL 


PAUL J. GETTY's favorite Chinese dish; NO GO HUNG REE 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


PRESSES DEPT. 


STOP-GAP THE 


Now is the time when business organizations all over the 
country are trying to lick the problem that arises when 


key men take off on their vacations. Mainly, they have 
to fill in with “Summer Replacements.” And this got us 


ПНЕ BNEW SAVER SED, 


AND'SUMMER REPLACE 


ALL THE NEWS 


THAT FITS, WE PRINT 


VOL. 45, No. 205 


&& The Daily 


, > WEDNESDAY 


REDS OUTSLUGGED BY 
WEST IN U.N. TILT 


By Biff Smeed, Sports Editor 
U.N. Correspondent Byron Farfel is on Vacation 
NEW YORK, July 23— More than two thousand screaming fans 
packed the United Nations General Assembly auditorium to- 


day to see Adlai Stevenson’s 


Valerian Zorin's 
was West 58, Reds 43. 


The opening minutes of the encoun- 
ter were highlighted by a display of 
fancy footwork by India’s Krishna 
Menon, who refused to reveal which 
side he was playing for. He eventually 
took himself out of the game. 

The outcome of the bout, fought 
over a Pakistan proposal to construct 
a fall-out shelter underneath the Se- 
eretariat, was in doubt from the open- 
ing period. At one point in the initial 
frame, Coach Zorin remarked, “We 
have a slim chance!” He was refer- 
ring to Assembly President Mongi 
Slim of Tunisia, whose hoped-for sup- 

ort could have swung the game the 
eds' way. However, Slim failed to 
£o to bat for them. 

All hope for the Reds seemed to 
vanish in the second stanza when 


revitalized West squad outslug 


s Reds in a bitterly fought contest, The score 


West star, Sir Patrick Dean of 
Great Britain, unleashed a mighty 
blast which went way over the heads 
of nearly everyone in the auditorium. 
However, the Czechuslovakian dele- 
gate, playing deep in Left, caught the 
Briton's drive, and hurled back a 
screaming peg of “Imperialism!” 

But West Coach Stevenson had an 
ace in the hole. Onto the Assembly 
maples strode hard-slugging pinch- 
hitter Dean Rusk, called up from 
Washington the day before. As a hush 
fell over the gathered crowd, Rusk 
caught the opposition Red-handed 
with a resounding smash through the 
middle of their counter-proposal, 
namely moving the entire U.N. to the 
island of Tristan de Cunha. 

Story continued on page 27. 
لدت‎ e ee шм, 


WORLD NEWS 


ROUND-UP 


Compiled by The Classified Ads Dept. 
News Editor Brooks Pippit is on Vacation 


FOR SALE 


852,600 square miles of land in Northern 
Africa. Must unload immediately. Con- 
tact C. De Gaulle, Paris, France. No 
reasonable offer refused. 


FOR SALE. Several thousand choice 
lots suitable for home or temple-build- 
ers, recently acquired in Goa. Will sub- 
divide to suit interested parties. P. 
Nehru, New Delhi, India, 


HELP WANTED 


HELP WANTED. Liberal candidates to 
campaign against coalition of South- 
ern Democrats and Conservative Re- 
publicans who are blocking my legisla- 
tive program in Congress. Write J.F.K., 
The White House, Washington, D.C. 


PERSONAL 


Anyone with information as to the 
whereabouts of V. Molotov, Soviet Union 
ex-diplomat, please contact his family 
through this newspaper, 


I am no longer responsible for the debts 
of The Republican National Committee, 
having washed my hands of the whole 
Presidential scene, at least temporar- 
ily, R. Nixon. 


LOST. One Eastern European Satellite, 
vicinity of Peiping. Answers to the name 
of Albania. Substantial reward offered 
due to sentimental] value. Call N, 
Khrushchev, Kremlin, Moscow, U.S.S.R. 
ee —— 
Send for free brochure outlining new 
Investment Plan in Non-Profit Organ- 
ization now trying to unload Bonds for 


much-needed financing. Write to U 
Thant, U.N., New York City. 


Dynamic young executives needed to pro- 


tect newly formed independent organi- 


zation from outside eamnotitien Cantaat 


to wondering what happens on a newspaper when this 
same problem arises. Here, then, is the chaos resulting... 


MORS CO ON VA CATION! 


VIENT"EDITORS TAKE OVER 
Potrzebie 


TIS 


NEWS IN PRINT, 


THAT'S ALL WE FIT 


TULY 24, 1962 


TEN CENTS 


THE WEATHER|POOR SCRIPT, SLOW DIRECTION 
OUTLOOK | MAR PREMIERE OF ACME STRIKE 


By Gossip Columnist Fenwick Snoopgrabber 


Weather Editor Maz Gribbish in on Vacation 


Friends are concerned about the con- 
dition of that Southwest dry air mass 
moving in from Salt Lake City. It could 
mean drought ... No one wants to admit 
it openly, but Minneapolis and St. Paul 
are sharing the same Isotherm . . . Don't 
invite a cold air mass and a 60-mile- 
an-hour gale wind to the same occluded 
front . . . It’s a hurricane for the Clear- 
water, Fla., Weather Station. Let us 
know the minute you decide on a name 
for her, kids! 


* 9 * ` + * 


The Eastern cold fronts are feuding. 
Seems neither of them can agree on а 
mutual barometric pressure reading . . . 
Insiders are whispering about the hush- 
hush meeting between that nimbus cloud 
mass and the rising thermometer over 
Crand Rapids, Michigan, Could mean 
trouble for some nice folks, meaning the 
boys at the Crand Rapids Weather Bu- 
reau who predicted Fair Weather. Be- 
cause it’s gonna rain like heck! 

* * * * А А 


Bookmakers аге giving 8 to 5 against 
the Amarillo warm front becoming sta- 
tionary. There are few takers , , . That 
was no thunder shower you saw with 
that Ohio high pressure system last Fri- 
day. Just an out-of-State rain cloud that 
t loaded . .. Look for a reconciliation 
tween the sub-continental air mass 
and the over-all humidity index. Sur- 
prise! That Oklahoma windstorm and 
that Texas high-pressure system are 
Pfffft. So are a few thousand houses 
along their path—pffffft! Friends blame 
a visiting Kansas cyclonic disturbance. 
* LI * * LI * 

An Open Leuer to The United States 
Weather Bureau: Dear “Goofed-Agains,” 
I simply can't understand how, with all 
your advanced equipment and knowl- 
edge, you could have possibly predicted 
clear skies for the North Atlantic Sea- 
board last Saturday, All you had to do 
was look out the window of your offices 
in Washington, D.C., and you would have 
known that it had been snowing since 
Priday night with no sign of let-up. If 
you ask me, something ought to be done. 


By Olive Funkhauser, Drama Critic 
Labor Editor Ed Scurvy is on Vacation 
DETROIT, Mich., July 28—Midway in the second hour of Union 
Boss Mike Mollusk's new production, “The Solid Gold Fringe 
Benefit," which opened last night at the Acme Elevator But- 


ton Plant, one striker plunged 


is fist into the solar plexus of 


a mediator and quipped, “Get your #$%*! hands off my 


Union Button!” 


It was at this point that the co- 
medy, which had been bogged down 
until then by dull dialogue and unin- 
spired direction, came alive to elec- 
trify the first-night audience, made 
up primarily of newsmen, blood- 
thirsty onlookers, and a stand-by di- 
vision of the Michigan State Militia. 

Unfortunately, this brief but bril- 
liant outburst of excitement was 
never equalled throughout the rest 
of the evening, which is surprising 
when one considers Mollusk's past 
successes, “The Three-Penny Wage 
Hike" and "The Unsinkable Pension 


um wou? m 


€ Boss 


Бы 


IUUD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Plan,” which ran 300 performances. 

The trouble can be traced mainly to 
the script, a hackneyed affair by the 
Acme Labor-Management Council, 
which gave muscle-bound star, Rock 
Rotgut a few chances to display his 
prowess as a strike-breaker, but 
otherwise fell short creatively. In 
fact, the basic plot of the production, 
which deals with a Union demand for 
pinball machines in the Workers’ 
Lounge, is scarcely one that holds any 
interest. 

All in all, “The Solid Gold Fringe 
Benefit” is something to be missed. 


м: Е 


ARTIST: JOE ORLANDO 
WRITER: FRANK JACOBS 


25 


hinese dish: FAR FLUNG TAI KOON 


**CONRAD HILTON's favorite 


26 


GALA BON V 


By Emily Heathcliffe 

Police Reporter Hank 

CHICAGO, Ill., July 23—A 
for Augie (‘ 
Lasagnas, in the taste 


More than 100 friends and well- 
wishers were in attendance at the 
gala affair as Judge Milton Aber- 
nathy, attired in a single-piece 
ebony robe, presented Mr. La- 
sagna with a going-away gift for 
his 30-year vacation sojourn at 
Арко State Prison. 

, &o-hosting the sparklin - 
sion, along with Judge Abernathy 
was Bailiff Philo P. Mulvaney ITI. 


‘Killer’ ) Lasagna, o 


OYAGE PARTY 


HELD FOR AUGIE LASAGNA 


McBain, Society Editor 
Dregge is on Vacation 


Bon Voyage Party was held 
the Cicero, Illinois, 


fully decorate : j 
of the Cook County Courthouse en Малу Room 


sagna's Defense Atto how 

presented him with ed MO 
suspected sift: A statement of 
Lawyer s Fees amounting to three 
thousand five hundred dollars, - 
“ Other people of note included 
Mr, Lasagna’s wife, Stella (nee 
Cowznofski). She was accompa- 
nied by Alvin (“Fink”) O'Hara 

Whose testimony for the prosecu- 


| to the £uest-of-honor, 


tion assured Mr, Lasa i 

n as Mr. £na of his 
upcoming, richly doiei ved = 
tended holiday, | 


of the South Side Mulvanevs 
Courtroom Guard Myron ring 
straw, of the Haverstraw Delica- 
tessen Haverstraws, who made 
the actual presentation of the gift 
à pair of stainless-steel handcuffs, 
Among the attendees was Prose- 
cuting Attorney Pembroke Rat- 
ferty who was solely responsible 
for the party’s arrangements, and 
without whom the event could 
never have been held. It was Mr 
Rafferty who invited Mr. Lasagna 
to the affair, a complete surprise 


Another distinguis 
stinguished 8 
was Harry J. Piltdown, Me le- 


Guest-of-honor at gala affair gets going-away gift, 


QUICKSILVER, 3, DIES; 
THOUSANDS MOURN PASSING 


By Danton Faversham, Obituary Editor 
Horse Racing Editor Bob Taylz is on Vacation 
NEW York, N. Y., May 28—Quicksilver, a brown gelding 
of the Limbo Stables, died today at 3:22 PM in the 
stretch at Belmont Park Race Track. He was 3 years old. 

According to witnesses at the ” LM |, 
track where the 4-to-5 favorite i 
was racing in the Halvah ب‎ «kes, 
death was due to a lack of exer- 
tion followed by the passing of 
the gelding by the rest of the field. 
Quicksilver suffered a sudden loss 
of speed after the final turn, and 
was unable to recover, finishing 
seventh in a field of seven. 

Surviving are his owner, Mrs. 
Beauregard Hamster; his jockey, 
Willie Bootmaker, and the thirty- 
five thousand fans who wagered 
$785,952 on the three-year-old’s 
losing effort. 

Memorial services were held 
immediately in the grandstands 
as thousands upon thousands of 
pari-mutuel tickets were torn up 
with a groan. 

The wake will be held this eve- 


ning in Glennon’s Bar, 8rd Ave- quicksilver mourners register grief at sudden loss. 
nue and 55th Street. 


ЖАДТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Cynthia Rancid 
In Merger With 
Seymour Entwhistle Ш 


By Brook Stockmire, Financial Editor 
Nuptials Editor, 


Hermione Riceflinger is on Vacation 


After several months of hectic 
behind-the-scenes maneuvering 
by the principals, the merger of 
Cynthia Rancid with Seymour 
Entwhistle III was effected at 
1:28 P.M. yesterday behind closed 
doors at the First Congregational 
Church. 

Considered to be one of the key 
consolidations of the current fis- 
cal year, the transaction was fol- 
lowed by a general conference in 
the vestry rooms, attended by the 
principals and their associates, 
who, publicly at least, expressed 
hearty approval of the new part- 
nership. 


The bride, it is understood, will 
serve as Senior Partner for the 
newly formed group. She is the 
daughter of Mr. and Mrs, Oliver 
Rancid. Mr. Rancid manufactures 
an extensive line of firearms, one 
of which, his Model 528-A shot- 
gun, was effective in the finaliz- 
ing of yesterday's merger. 

"he junior partner of the firm 
is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Hiram 
Entwhistle. Mr. Entwhistle is 
President of a successful pushcart 
operation, Closely informed cir- 
cles express the belief that the 
merger will result in an executive 
position at the Rancid Firearms 
plant for the groom, who has 
trained for this position by col- 
lecting Unemployment Compensa- 

tion for the past 52 weeks. 

In successfully completing the 
merger, it has been speculated 
that the groom's campaign ex- 
ceeded the bids of several other 
suitors who had been negotiating. 
Both members of the new partner- 
ship, refused, however, to discuss 
how the merger will change their 
dealings with former associates. 


Editorial Cartoonist Fred Von Scratchboard iz on Vacation, 
Today's cartoon is by Sports Cartoonist Vic Strathmore 


AT THE MOVIES 


By Mavis Boondock, Poetry Editor 


ave e gterha* on Vacation 
ie Criti loud Est 021/1 
Movie € ritie L h 


) A 
HEAL Py, 
> AMER ic, 


А Z 
A drama of lust called “The passionate Spinste 
; instaf; 
1s now on the screen at the RKO pee 
it tells of а hat-blooded Girl Sco doin 
Who ruins the life of Paul Anka, e A 
The role ot the spinster with no sel -с0 a 
Gives Barbara Stanwyck à eis 
d emotion їз © 
e of great love an ШУ 
н kills her son, played by — C 
A ne’er-do-well dope-pusher up to — ^ 
Who's run off to Utah with — = 
i "ll enjoy, | am sure, 
he picture is one you е - 
x vi às the co-feature, namely "Ben н 


SENSIBLE Міры WP 


OF - THE- ROAD 


TODAY IN 


By Health Editor Marvin Mungg, M.D. 


Astrology Editor 
Irving P. Zodiack ia on Vacation 


LEO July 22 August 2 
A good da gust 21 | 
the como 2 a yourself with 


tion of a sie and the protec- 


VIRGO Au 

, 4 friend 
or a loved o 
Or a dentist 
breath m 
cleaning 


€: 22—Sept. 22 
will bring you 


will tell you that v 
nay be caused t your bad 


by i . 
of your dentures, y improper 


BRA Sept. 23-01 22 
2 not sign any important papers to- 
UP Wi fou have your yearly check- 
FAX oculist, You know that 


"A hook or a slice can get us all in trouble. The only way to 
play this course is straight down the middle of the fairway!” 


HEARTBREAK H IELEN"S 


Aveta SCORPIO Oct. 23—Nuy, 21 


arguments with loved 
day. They can a x ed ones to- 
Advice To The Lovelorn day. They сап aggravate that Pepi 
SAGITTARIUS N 
i Prospe Nov, 22— Dec. 2] 
By Bruno J. Grunion, Science Editor Pie рес is o f romance S Dee 21 
Heurtbreak Holen is on Vacation 


5 right. Pros 5 
of athlete's foot are excellent pois 


you change yuur socks more often. 
CAPRICORN Dec, 22 


ear eartbrea elen: Ww r wo i which states i 
D H tb kH 1 to Newlon's Third Lo f Motion. hi h t n 
Iun som serable M bo fr end ki 5 rt od motion (hi n this case) 
i 3 y y j I port tha! o body in mot: (his fist, i 4 
i еер. 0 8 1 
ing < "t wW ith other women even remains in motion with a uniform vey and 
t : h 1 le: 4 with him not to I am at in а straight line unless some outside force 
houg plea А . 


atever you are enano 20 
i 3 В ing to do to- 
5 "M h that motion. If you'd like day, don't attempt p E | 
my wits’ end, and feel like killing my- уз sr) omens Y Чара our es y day, do s i o do to 
M vicc , Vll be glad to supply them b | 
self, Wh Despondent зар ‘self-addressed stamped envelope. Spend QUARIUS. Jan, 21—Feh m 
plation ove Я Silent contem- 
Dear en gens it is a powerful and quite Dear Heartbreak Helen:— - lat m er the fact ET ү contem 
Jesi sa American polson mode from vori- Will I ever find üthe guy for me? Гуе 
ous plonts and related to strychnine. The na- 


o many fellows, and have come 
фо sick and disgusted from each sng 
every one of them, They're either, 00 
smart, or too dumb, or ill-manner d or 
overly condescending, or radical 93 
conservative, or fat, or thin, or а AS 
short or somethi К чыке es 3 
the “perfect” guy tor perdon 


i os an arrow 
tives of South America use curare 1 
poison for hunting. When injected into m 
bloodstream or outer tissues of the body, i 
paralyzes the nerves that control breothing. 
Best of luck. 


ie ur hair vigorously. 

CES Feb. 20—March 2 
A good day to become excited А new 
projects, such as investigating the im- 
portance of your pancreas, non-func- 
on of which can lead to diabetes 
ARIES Ma | 
An excellent da 


Dear Heartbreak Helen:— 
The other night, m husband, саба 
home blind bee reeling, | k right dis 
unch — 1 А 
opened the аа he had no right to Although we ке ий et: pes Ы 
i i ened again, distinct possibi ў i : 
S08 and Me Bet be 1 i nlaxies and is comparable 
st laughed plonets in distant g sages 
Pi UY E as on baat Is he here on Earth. You moy fin e 
and seid the law was on his side. Is 1a our seine ye looking fer on we ot 
GT -and- Blue Janets. If seiance continues ils d- 
el — € pr with ao life Сери be made in 
TOPOS i ence. 
Posi ay ke i. He was obviously referring the next 200 years. Have 6 


TAURUS April 20—M 

tiin, а, ак et with‏ فو ا 
e sultry lips, T‏ 

be suffering from vitamin AF 


or maybe even , , . 


| i : s : -CANCER June 22 July 22 
JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. m 


SWITCH-CRAFT DEPT. 


As you have seen in the previous arti- 
cle, a newspaper is not quite the same 
when “Summer Replacements” take 
over. And the same would go for 
other fields of endeavor, like when 
doctors, lawyers and garbage men 
go on vacation. Here, then, is MAD's 
version of what might happen... 


EVERYDAY 
. LIFE 


ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE 
WRITER: FRANK JACOBS 


BRAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, In 


IF AUTO MECHANICS WERE REPLACED BY 


| don't know—for about EE Well, there's a lot of 
a month, I've had this it going around lately! Б 
٠١ sluggish feeling whenever |^ Some kind of bug, most 
| shift into high! All likely! If you'll just 
the old pep is gone! go right on into the 
— - A examination room—and 
) release your hood . . . 


Screwdriver! | 


No. 5 wrench! 


| Screwdriver! 7 ао 


No. 5 wrench! 
¥ 1 


Nailclipper?? 


et‏ لر 
ASA‏ 


ہے 
[WARE "E"‏ 


| a 
PAVEL TOMIE, 
| any AOS Yes! I've caught | a 
er my hangnail in a 
MER Е 
nee, 


Oh, Ralph! When н A-Okay, J. В.! Just 
you get a moment, La as soon as 1 get 
will vou drop by Ва rid of a few odds 
my cab for a small and ends that have $, 
skull session? ن و‎ been piling up! 


DOCTORS 


7 ا‎ 
71 А ‘ 


At this point, it's difficult to say. Your motor 


| 
exl 


EP S It's—t's «Jl These tests show حصا‎ Perhaps, hut—hold on! See that 
FA my motor, М\ may be affected, but I'm inclined to suspect nothing! His oil |] spot on his piston! It's corrosion! 
isn't it? your carburetor! On the other hand, | don't specimen is clear, صم‎ It's localized now, but we'll have 
1| Don't hold |] like the wheeze in your starter—and there's P» and there's no to take it out before it spreads 
n anything 7 | зоте congestion in your fuel pump. I'm trouble with his through the entire crankshaft! 

back! | can afraid we'll have to run some tests? ignition! The 


Prepare for immediate 
disassembly! 


whole thing may 
be in his mind! 


Odd! I've removed his 
pistons, exposed his 
crankshaft, and even 
probed his manifold. 
1 still can't put my 
finger on his ailment! 
If only we knew more! 


You've been 
on your feet 
since early 
morning, sir! 
| Perhaps, when 
you've rested— 


Rest?! How can | 
` rest when | know 
that any moment 
he may suffer a 
complete breakdown! 
We've got to bring 
in a Specialist . . . 
for consultation! 


5 


1 


10 
20 


At first, | suspected 
piston corrosion with 
a possible valve con- 
dition, but now all 
the symptoms point to 
the transmission! Do 
you concur? 


Yes! Sounds like simple 
fluid deficiency to me! 
Nothing to worry about! 
You caught it in time! 
Weil, | have to run! Got 
a house call to make— 
a '59 Pontiac with a 
chronic gas problem! 


م — 


2و 


**KIM NOVAK'« favorite Chinese dish. KIM SUM HUNG CHICK 


P 


p) 


I've been mulling 
over the Hopkins 
account, Ralph! 
Can-wise, it may 
not be worth our 
| while to carry 
him as a client! 


My thoughts exactly, 
J. B. Dumping seven 
cans twice a week 
can be “trussville’’! 
What's the word from 
Cost-Accounting?? 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E 


e 


They heaved it on the 5:19, but it wouldn't 
get off at the Dump! Now, } believe in 
everyone carrying his load, but you can't 
turn orange peels into egg shells, if you 
know what | mean... 


Check, J. B.! 
Besides, | 
never thought 
it smelled 
exactly right! 


IF CLOTHING SALESMEN WERE REPLACED BY AUTOMOBIL 


шм Ah, | see you're admiring our Ihen may | suggest a convertible! | think 


SALESMEN 


| That's because you've been used 
new '62 Custom Dacron Special! That includes the suit, and a pair А itsa to that gray-flannel compact! 
You've noticed the "extras," of contrasting slacks! Only a few bit too Í This, sir, is a model with room! 

1 of course, such as the chrome dollars more, but a great savings big مه‎ f What's more, you'll find the up- 

àl zipper and that roomy trunk space when you consider you'll be using mel And f keep is low! Dacron fibers resist | 


in the scat of the pants. Tell | it for business and pleasure! The 
me, are you looking for something | price is a low $89.95, but | can oL 
for the city, or a model for | give you an $18.50 trade-in-allow- e ^s 


diet, cut down repair bills! But 
don't take my word for it! Try a 
road test! Take her out of the 


$ 


running around in the suburbs? ance on that '60 Grey-Flannel РА < showroom and see how it feels 
you're wearing now. Let's see si once around the block! Then 
how you look in it . . . [ГБ come back, and we'll arrange 
EN wow A the financing! | 
H P d =, 


[ | 
[| 
But | only came |) ||| 
in for change E 
for the parking 
meter!! 


Now, Mr. Boondock, 
| would like you to 
tell us in your own 

words what you saw 
in your mirror this 
morning! 


For my next f г 
customer, | § Var 
would like 


Well, sure... 
| mean , . . that 


Come, come, Mr. 
Boondock! Think 
carfully! Is 
that all you saw? 


Well, | took one 
look at myself, 
and | said, "Коп, 
old boy, you need 
a haircut!" 


Mr. Rodney J. 
Boondock... = 
Ey to call Mr. Take the | =” 
: Rodney Ј. | chair, please! 


A ا‎ | 


| Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! 
| This is your Crosstown Bus Lines 
| 


Captain, Rex Hendershot, speaking! 
Welcome aboard Run 592. We will 
be departing on schedule, and will 
make stops at 2nd, 3rd, 4th, Sth, 

6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 
and Potrzebie Streets! Our cruising 


{| 
1 
1 
" per hour, and we will be driving at 
an altitude of 245 feet above sea 
level, but on the ground, Our es- 
timated time of arrival at our 
first stop is 8:18, or two 
minutes from now! 


н E | 


Mr. Boondock, | ask 
you to look at this 
comb which 1 have 
just run through 
your hair! What do 
you see on the teeth? 


Speak louder, 
Mr. Boondock! 


: Choke . . . Dandruff! 


IF BUS DRIVERS WERE REPLACED BY AIRLINE PILOTS 


speed will be approximately 27 miles = 


| have a report of dense traffic 
formations beyond 8th Street, 
| which have clogged up the 9th 
| Street Dus stop. This has nec 
essitated our run being re-routed 
| down the winding dirt road through 
| Shady Grove Cemetery! We regret 
this inconvenience which will make | 
us approximately 25 minutes late | 
reaching our final destination. We 
will, however, try to make up part 
of this delay by reckless driving. 
Thank you for riding Crosstown 
with us, Have a pleasant run-and 
—Hang ont! 


| have been informed by Bus Traffic 
Control that there will be a short 
lay-over at 4th Street duc to a 
jammed traffic signal. The delay 
should not prevent passengers de- 
parting at the 6th Street transfer 
point from making their scheduled 
connection with the City Lines Bus 
Ca.'s south-bound coach run, due to РА 
arrive at 6th Street at 8:29 5 
However, passengers are advised to 
remain in their seats until the 
traffic signal trouble is located. 


REN 


ddVi дуч 1160 OOHS مإكبا!‎ 99U!) 9110۸0} 5,43HOHSDQBHDIE VLIXIN + 


The game is up, Mr. Boondock! Stop it! 


| 


Not only are you guilty of 
needing a treatment for your 
dandruff, but you also need a 

scalp massage, shampoo, tonic 
sunlamp, manicure, and shoeshine! 
Isn't that true, Mr. Boondock? 
Isn't it? ISN'T IT! 


1 confess! 
Yes—sob— 
it's true! 
Every word 
iS—sob— 
true! 


Yes, Mr. Boondock! 
Dandruff! You KNEW 
this morning that you 
needed more than just 
3 haircut, didn't you? 


УИ ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


HAİ G 


FINIR 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART Ii 

Don Martin's favorite film fare is the color cartoon. 
Unfortunately, he never gets to see one—because when 
he comes in, the cartoon characters stop performing 
to laugh at him. Like f'rinstance when this happened 


AT 


Lady, would you mind 
removing your hat?! 
T NN у 


But, I'm not 
wearing à hat! 


SS 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ONAL d4 VHS NAL NAM USIP ASAU) 31110۸0} 5,]4vNO31 3 NIV .« 
TELEVISION DEPT. 


WE'D LIKE TO SEE 


THE ALL-STATE INSURANCE COMMERCIAL 


This is Mr. R.C. Rumsch of Dayton, Ohio... | | The man from See, he was the stupid idiot who sped through |. 5 
who unfortunately had a bit of bad luck All-State ` the red light... and smashed into my car! 
recently. Mr. Rumsch was іп an automobile | | arrived almost F = 
accident, and his car was almost completely || immediately, 
demolished. However, Mr. Rumsch carries Ed! 
All-State Insurance! Tell me, Mr. Rumsch— 
how soon did the representative from All- 
State arrive at the scene of the accident? 


Yes, friends . . . Anacin is like = Mainly, like a Doctor's prescription for Athlete's Foot! 

a Doctor's prescription... В sed That's about how much effect it's had on this terrible 
2 г — headache I've been suffering with the past three weeks! 

— — ڪڪ 


pene uri 
V Ас 
soak, 


ARTIST: WALLACE WOOD WRITER: EARLE DOUD 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


* JOEY BISHOP'« lovorite Chinese dish: TOO FEW HAR HAR 
THE DASH COMMERCIAL 


аан т - 

Relax, lady . . . your troubles is over, It was merely a 
case of over-active suds which clogged up your washing 
machine. To avoid such costly, but unnecessary results, f 

use Dash . . . the product made espeshully for your 
automatic washer! Allow me to demonstrate .. . 


Notice how Dash goes right to woik You jerk! 

wit' its gentle cleaning action. That's my 

Look how it keeps a safe suds level | XE Television 
in your washing machine! set! 


Pardon me, Ma'am .. . | wonder if you would mind — I sure can! I'd say the one on the right was | 
making the Imperial margarine test? | have two washed with new Blue Cheer! It's definitely f 
crackers here . . . one has been covered with much whiter and brighter! 
Imperial, and the other with the expensive 70« | x 8 
spread. Can you tell if there's any difference? 


p T- 


THE RALEIGH CIGARETTES COMMERCIAL 


Pardon me, folks. Do you realize what a Yes! We probably could have saved enough money 
а : to buy some decent furniture, instead of all 
Я | this cheap junk we've gotten from those coupons! 


could have happened to you if you hadn't 
4 (А 


0 


been smoking Raleighs all these years? 
а 


WUE EL ID 


1 


{ 
! 


EAA 
[т д g NF 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


YNO XIS XIN HON D 21:040; 5,43311311412O03 4051314٠. 


ROCK OF AGED DEPT. 
Regardless of how we feel about it personally, it really looks like 
“Rock 'n' Roll" music is slowly on its way to extinction. The airwaves 
trend, which started with a New York radio station and is now spreading 
throughout the country, seems to be away from the “Big Beat" and toward 
more gentle music. lf this trend continues, we can't help thinking how 
it will affect the nation . . . especially when it has to face up to... 


THE ROCK 'N’ ROLL 


SENIOR CITIZENS’ PROBLEM 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER WRITER. LARRY SIEGEL 
Г. 


ЕЕ حير‎ aan асасы ' G 
'W' ROLL DYING RADIO STATIONS GIVING RECORD 005 CUTTIN 

MN „ШР ON THE BIG BEAT | DOWN ON R&R DISCS 

— SSS UM em tt د | ييا نسب‎ FEES = 


Р PRESIDENT TO ASK CONGRESS FOR FEDERAL AID 


R&R SINGERS ROAMING STREETS; 
з AND MEDICAL CARE FOR ROCK N’ ROLL АСЕР 


SITUATION IN COUNTRY CRITICAL 


Friends, it is with heavy heart that we say farewell today to the Rock 'n' Roll 2 But, тап... like, | mean well, you know like, you just 
Dean of our recording company. Bobby Aphasia! Bobby . . . in appreciation of. |^ © сле ifo E dk in ie atrai ixi ilis: бо ош to look 
your wonderful work here, I'd like to present you with this gold watch as a "WT for something else! Man, like 1 nabh ‘well уой know like 
memento of your 25th Anniversary with Raucous Records! Old fellow , . . these |)" | gotta keep Working! ١ don't want (obs a burden on wiv terse 
25 days you've been with us have been great. | only wish you could have in my old age! | mean . . . What do | do now! I'm. . . like, over 


stayed a full month. But times have changed. Rock 'n' Roll is about finished. 


1 love him too, Dear . . 

but | have to admit it— 
he is a cranky old guy! 
1 don't see why my sister || 
and her husband can't take Р! 
care of him for a while! 


What are we going to do about the 
old guy, Honey? He sits around 
the house all day and mopes, and 
he's always in the way! | realize 
he's your brother and we're ob 
ligated to take care of him, 
but... well, we've got no privacy! 
Don't get me wrong! ! love him, 
but enough is enough! 


| For he's a jolly good fellow... 
For he's a jolly good fellow... 
For he's а jolly good fellow . . . 
Which nobody ca-an deny 


It's something new we're going 


Hey, man . . | Those are called lyrics, Bobby! 
to nave to use in the recording 


like, what's 
that those 

cats are business. Well . . . so long, old 

ve | man. Lots of luck in your twi- 
light years. And remember . . . if 

you do happen to fand another 
type job... something befitting a 
senior citizen like yourself. don't 
forget to take out working papers! 


T 


t 


“С. Publicatio 


You guys make me sick! | mean, 
like. all you do is sit around 
in the park all day and rot! 
Well, man, like I'm gonna do 


Fellow Americans—our country is in 
the midst of a serious crisis! Ask not 
what Rock 'n' Roll singers can do for 
you—ask what you can do for Rock 'n' 
Roll singers! | say it's wrong for a 
country as rich as this to neglect our 
(| Rock 'п' Roll Senior Citizens. We must 
find jobs for them, offer them medical 
care, and set up Rest Homes for them. 
It's the decent thing to do. After all, 
look what a wonderful thing they've 
done for us! They've stopped singing!! 


Whadda-ya Well, that's the 
wanna do 83rd time ١ beat 
today, you in checkers 
today, Ricky! How 
about a game of 


| dunno! shuffleboard . ? 
Whadda- 


. .. and remember Bobby Rydell? 
And remember that great oldie: 
"Big Bad John"? And remember 
that great old dance, the “Twist? 
And remember . . . 


| hear the President is gonna 
talk about us Rock 'n' Roll 
Senior Citizens on TV tonight! 


What a memory Frankie 
has! But | guess it's 
a sure sign of age 
when you start to 
reminisce like that! 


Not now, Fabe! Today 
do today, is my 18th birthday! 
Chubby? I think I'll just 

S kinda relax and 
think about death! 


Well, Mr. Aphasia, all your Thanks, Doc! 


expenses for your stay at Now, | think Whadda-ya Well, that's the ... and remember Brenda || Stop it. you guys! Stop it! Like. 
this hospital have been paid l'Il finish wanna do 91st time | beat Lee? And remember the we might as well be back in the 
by the government. It's a out my life today, you in Checkers Everly Brothers? And U.S. park! Well, man, l'm not gonna 
wonderful thing that you doing useful Elvis? today, Ricky! How Bonds? Y'know they named || Sit around here and decay! I'm 
senior citizens are cared things at the - about a game of | ne government certificates || going to school under the 
for when you're stricken || new “U.S. Home ЕГ dunno! shuffleboard? Ji... eo And remember , . „ || Government's new “Rock "n' 
with infirmities peculiar for Rock 'n* Whadda- : i Ч Roll Senior Citizens’ Re- 
to your age. Good-bye, Roll Senior you wenna No, I'm saving | Education Program!" 
and rest assured that you do today, my strength 1 
will never get Chicken for tonight! 
Pox again! It's my turn 
NC 


to Switch on 


Ё. 
1 


Ciun 


No, Mr. Aphasia! That's not || Well, you know . . . 

the way you spell "Baby''! 1 с ља ова So anyway, Well, Mr. Aphasia, I don't know, Mr. Aphasia. || But, look, man... 
Honestly, I'm all for the elk dun. man, going after going over Although this is the one || outside of Rock ‘n’ 
President's program to like | thought to school your background, | field you've had experience || Roll singing . . . 
rehabilitate you old guys, | might be didn't like see that—outside of in before turning to R & R, mugging is all | 
but you're never going to you know... work out, Rock 'n' Roll I'm not sure if it's wise know! 


be promoted out of the | thought I'd and 1 thought singing, you've for you to return to it! 
3rd grade if your work liia do Беа I'd look for had experience in 
doesn't pick up! Tell me, speech teacher! only one other 
what do you want to do field! Perhaps 
after you graduate? | Y ' you'd like to 
£0 back to it? 
a 


**ARISTOTLE ONASSIS’ favorite Chinese dish. WUN DAY YOT SINK 


But. look 
man—if 


Well, man. it's like 
a real hip jacket 


A clothing designer you call 
yourself! A clothing designer! 


Let's see what other fields you'd 
be sulted for, Oh—! have it! How 


about music? No—come to think I'd fire you in & minute, but for clergymen! You you don't 
of it— you have no background the President says it's Un- know . . . like for appreciate 
for that! Tell you what . . , Here American! So I'm stuck with preaching a casual me around 
are some job openings in fields you! Tell me, what do you call here, I'm 
you might try. Take a crack at this monstrosity you designed? splitting! 


them and see what happens I'm stuck with 15,000 of them! | 


7 


Well, cats . . . like, | mean... Neither do I! And this 


you know . . . I'm like in the dont is Cleveland, Ohio! 
Peace Corps now... and)... understand || روح‎ you imagine what's 
a word he's 


going to happen when 
he talks to people 


1 mean . . . well, you know... 
I'm here to help you Cats dig 
the American way of life . . . 

see? | mean. . . like, you know 


- Members of the United States 
luctantly for their annual photograph. The F.B.I. is 
( still unable to locate the young apprentice barber 

who was responsible for the haircuts given the nine 
p distinguished jurists. 
ec 


анна —:—— 
—— 


| GOVT AGENCIES BEING 
_ | STAFFED BY R&R SINGERS 


© 3 FORME 


1 


the midst of its greatest crisis in 186 
years. There is only one thing worse than 
having Rock 'n' Rol! singers singing—and 
that is having Rock 'n' Roll singers NOT Ñ 
singing! As strong as this nation is, it's 
not strong enough for that! I'm flying to | 
Philadelphia immediately for a summit 
conference with Dick Clark! Fellow 
Americans, Rock 'n' Roll must not die! 


TEACHERS QUITTING NATION'S 
SCHOOLS IN LARGE NUMBERS 


BIG TIME OPERATOR DEPT. 


A CELEBRITY S WALLET 


WRITER: ARNIE KOGEN 


Dek Abby Greshler 


From the 
ACTORS’ AGENT 


Mr. Vincent Edwards 
cordially invites the staff of “Ben Casey” 
to a dinner in celebration of 

“The Opening of the New TV Season" 


APPETIZER 
Melon Rinds Poppy Seeds 
Sliced Grape Sections 


SOUP 


Wheat Germ Chowder Puree of Yogurt 
Brewer's Yeast Consomme 


ENTREE 
ttage Cheese 


Naw Liver with Co 

Dried Apricots Fresh Prunes 
Schav 

Whole Wheat Wafers Ry-Krisp 


Melba Toast 
BEVERAGE 
Carrot Juice Lemon Water 
Brioschi 
QOD 
Dinner: 8:00 Р.М. 
Weight-Lifting: 9:30 P.M. 


Herman's Dairy Restaurant 7777 Sunset Strip 


E 


КСЭ 


H 
ollywood, California 


FISCAL ST. 
ATEMENT 
OF ROYALTIES DUE: Vin 
г cent Edwards 


TYPE OF ROYA TY: F rformane 
L e 
e 


April, 1961 
May, 1961 
June, 1961 
July, 1961 
Aug., 1961 
Sept., 1961 
Oct., 1961 
Nov., 196] 
Dec., 1961 
Jan., 1962 
Feb., 1962 
Mar., 1962 


Ajax Novelty Ma 
Toys, Games, Kits, 
Dear Mr. Edwards: ~ 


We are ready 
the "Ben Case 


SELECTION: "Lollypop" 
EXPLANATION: 


‚73 

.49 

+25 

.17 

„11 
3,965.18 
8,421.89 
21,589.22 
62,987.47 
87,259.28 


fter "Be 
en Casey" 
3 st 
getting сазе 


нау 


У heard you sing | 


live on the Dinah 5 оге Show 
Sh 
without recor ding gimmicks 


; FALLOUT z. e ae “ad 
buting Corp. 


nufacturing And Distri 
king Gimmicks 


and other Money-Ma 


full production on 
" which you are 
as agreed, 
following: 


to go into 
ctor Kit 


Ben Casey 
Thermometers 
"The Be 


ration." 


will be fore 
Richard Chamber 


t necessary 9 
other items y 
With Vinc 


ed to beg 
lain and 
—J//e 


organizat ion. 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


سے 


Very truly yours; 
President 


Milton Ајах, 


١ + ( 
mm 3 
1 - —— i 
— — - 


BING CROSDY PRODUCTIONS 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA 


IDENTIFICATION 
name: VINCENT EDWARDS 
ress: BROOKLYN, NY. ano MUSCLE BEACH, CALIF. 
доркеѕ5: BROOKLYN, NJ 


т» ЕК 
EXY 
OCCUPATION: 5 UARD 5 = 
SEXY TY NEURO-SURGE 


IN CASE OF EMERGENCY, NOTIFY: 


| Bans ps THE AMA. f | 


Go жу M. gored 
# жоё, we au ай 


"BEN CASEY" 


INTER-OFFICE MEMO 
TO: Vincent Edwards 
FROM: James Moser, 


. e 
time for the 


YOU HAVE BEEN 


"Gee whiz, that 
Siokness what you 
got is catching!" 


"Okay, Toots! Knock 
him out: with the 
Sleeping каз!" 

"Shiy" 
"Squirter" 
"Pincher" 
"Cat's guts" 
"We'ii have to 
Squoeze that 
00-boo!" 
"I'll kiss it 


and make 
it better|" 


: "Customer" 


TRY-OUTS HELD FOR COVETED “BEN | CASEY” ROLE 


enced, mature actors trying ou 
young, relatively unknown nam 
Resident Neuro-Surgeon. One loo 


WHAT 
SAYING AT REHEARSAL.: 


ae 


Executive Director 


THE CORRECT MEDICAL 
TERM YOU SHOULD USE: 


"I'm afraid you're 
Suffering from a 
contagious disease!" 


"All right, Nurse! 
You may start 
administering the 
anesthetic!" 


"Scalpel" 
"Syringe" 
"Hemostat" 
"Suture" 
"Wo'11 have to 
lance that 
abcess!" 
"I'll initiate 
the proper 
treatment" 


"Patient" 


Yep! Seems that 

I'm home, Well, we'll start off You must've been | didn't lift while Dad's heen 

Today, the man of Selma! with Martinis, shrimp busy as a bee all a finger!— busy earning his 
the family knocks What's for cocktail, onion soup, day preparing a coronary, Mom's 
his brains out to dinner? pos mignon, Caesar menu like that! You're taking heen busy getting 

salad, potatoes au 

earn enough money gratin, раїё de foie me кеды other ideas. „That 
to buy a new dish gras, rosé wine, demi— = old slogan: "Less 
washer, or a deep Î tasse, and baked Alaska. Work For Mother!" 
freeze, or a mix 1 is now passe! The 


master, or any of 
the millions of mod- 


new slogan is “NO 
Work For Mother!" 


em kitchen gadgets Anü this is made 
that are designed Ü jen because 
io make "Less Work ; now pays for 


For Mother" So 
what happens? 


Good evening, 
sir! Would 
you care to 
start with a 


I'll say! Bring 
me a nice big 
stiff one! Make 
that a double! 


Lucille was the 
Welsh rarebit, 
$1.30: skimmed 
milk, 104; and 
baked apple, 20¢. 
Altogether, that's 
$1.60... 


Vivian was the avocado 
surprise, 85¢; milk, 
10¢, ry-krisp, 10¢, 
and rhubarb pie, 30¢. 
Altogether, that's $1.35. 


Let's try it again! 
Claire was the date 
nut bread and cream 

cheese sandwich, 756; 

coffee, 156; and Jello, 

20£! Altogether, that's 


And | gave 
you $1.50, 
so | still 
owe 10€. 


And | gave 
you $5.00, 
зо you owe 
me change! 


And | gave you 
$2.00, so you 


owe me change! 


„Ж x al > Җ 
Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publicati 


Have a roll 
and butter 
in the 
meantime! 


Where's the 
waiter? I'm 
famished! 


Thank you! 
Call again? 


And | was the cottage cheese 

salad, 70¢; melba toast, 15¢; 

tea, 10¢; and lemon meringue 
pie, 30¢. Altogether—$1.25. 

Making a grand total of $5.40. 
And 10% of that for a tip is 
53¢—divided by 4—is 13%¢ 

per girl extra . . 


** JACK PAAR's favorite Chinese dish, HO HO BOO HOO 


EATING OUT 


WRITER & ARTIST: DAVID BERG 


So have 
another 
roll! 


What do you have to 
do around here to 
attract the waiters 

attention? Die of 
starvation and start 
smelling up the place? 


My stomach thinks 
my throat is cut! 
Where 15 that 


Have 
another 
roll and 
butter! 


waiter anyhow? 


Quit your 
kidding! 
$125.00? 


That's a nice hat, 
Milton! How much 
did you pay for it? 


That's right! | 
paid $10.00 for 
it originally— 


WW AS 


(one 
dn vest 


And | still 
owe 23:46! 


Anybody got 
change of a 
penny? 


So now you 
only owe me 
76'ág— 


NSW s 
A 


€ « 


TUR D Copyright © 2006 by E 


\ У 


4 b. Jnd 
.C. Publications, Inc. 


Here's the waiter! 
What do you want! 


Nothing! 
I'm full! 


and every time | cat in 
a restaurant, | have to 
buy it back from the hat 
check girl at two bits a 
throw! | figure it adds 
up to $125.00 by now! 


Good evening, 
ladies! Are 
you ready to 
order your 
dinner? 


DINNER? 
We haven't 
even figured 
out LUNCH 
yet! 


W 
у жу ду iov ДУ T9 ДУ: Ry tn sat 7-1 
ЕА d ae a, 
dI ل رك‎ MU. 


REAL HOME COOKING 
SERVED THE REAL HOME-STYLE WAY! 


“Your Home Away From Home!” 


Waiter, 
give me 
the check! 


Oh, no, Sam! 
This one is 


Never mind! 
When a friend 
of mine eats 
with me, | pay! 
Give me the 


paid for 
it last 
time, Ed! 


me the check! 


| I'll have what 
AN that gentleman 
is having! 


I didn't 
like it 
either! 


Cut it out, | ' Z1 || Waiter, don't 
Ed! I'm paying CT 4] you dare give 
this time! Mu it to my friend! 
Waiter, give Let me have it! 


Not 
particularly! 


What say we 
eat out! You 
kids hungry? 


Hey, Pop! How 
come every time 
we eat out. we 

endupina 
Drive-In 
restaurant? 


Well I'm 
starved! 
Here's а 
nice place! 


Because your 
father likes 
the DISHES 

they feature! 


It—it must've 
been something 
you ate! 


What's the matter, 
Harold? You suddenly 
turned green? 


our 
| BARTENDERS 
ARE 
LICENSED =- 
ENICHUATRISTD 
am" ١4 i 
uoa M 
g n S \ 
l 
== 


This is no Don't give me Well, I'm not going to That's more 
way to treat LL t that “friend” break up a friendship like it! 
à friend, Ed! business, Sam! over a lousy check! 
I'll take care е You're getting Okay, waiter! Let him 
of the check! me sore! Waiter, have it! 
Let's have it, give me the 


Er...uh...Sam, I'm a little 
short this week! Could you lend 
me ten bucks so | can pay the check? 


.. . and get indigestion 


These "'Diners' Clubs" are a great 
a month later!! 


idea! You eat now... 


Smm o 
ТОЛО X2 257 
^ NS - | yz} ] 


d jp). Qs 


as was QN 
Copyright O 2006 by E.C. 


1A Ml 
Publications, Inc. Fz 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART Il 


And now, Antonio Prohias introduces a new “twist” to that friendly rivalry 
between the man in black and the man in white .. . mainly, a woman in gray! 


p^ 
meee шеш ошо ошо MMM 00099 00 ош 000 


Муло NAY ONIG ONI ‘Hp 97945 siio BS RI Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


$993 ‚№, МҮН ‘451P 9814040) 5,33HS-I VÀ ONVIH2« 
TELL-A-PHONY BOOK DEPT. 


КУ УО موس‎ 


Here is another MAD Primer. Phas 5 мү FIRST | 


It is the 431st Primer we have run. 


Why do we run so many Primers? INTRODUCTION 
Because Primers are easy to write. d 


Any idiot can write a Primer. a TO THE 


Even you can write a Primer 


Wouldn't you like to write a Primer for us? “GRE A" I Ss” 


Wouldn't you like to send us thousands of Primers? 
es Jes yes | OFOUR TIME 
Soon we will have nothing but Primers in the magazine. Ў 

Soon we will not need writers. 

Then we will have more money for ourselves. 
Then we will become rich. 

What fun it will be to become rich. 

Like the people in this Primer: 


THE MAD 
CELEBRITY | @Аь-2— ж 
PRIMER “~ I 


LESSON 2. 


See the “Celebrity”. 
id See the funny way he dresses. 
| | Ha, ha, ha 

(| No, silly, the man in front is not the Celebrity. 
Wi) Тһе Man in back is the Celebrity. 

| The man in front is a Sandhog. 


See the Celebrity run. 
Run, Celebrity, run. / H 
He is running to see his Analyst A 

All Celebrities see Analysts, Ж 
Money, money, money. 

All Celebrities have problems, 
All Celebrities are unhappy 


The man in front is pretending he is a Celebrity. 


The man in back is pretending he is not, Gloom, gloom, gloom. E 
All Celebrities pretend they are not Celebrities, Why are they unhappy? 
| | They hate to be recognized as Celebrities. Because they are rich and famous and beautiful. * 
Hate, hate, hate. You are lucky. * 
| | | All Celebrities dress like the man in hack. You are not rich and famous and beautiful 
| | Do you know why they dress like the man in back? You are poor and unknown and ugly. 
| So that people will know they are Celebrities. Aren't you glad you are happy? 


RAD Copyright ©; © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


LESSON 3. 
THE 
MAGNIFICENT | 
-STORY oF MY. | 


See the Book. 

It is a Celebrity's “Autobiography” 

It is dull. 

Yawn, yawn, yawn. 

Why is this book dull? 

Because the Celebrity's life has been dull. 

Don't you wish you could write a book like this? 

So does the Celebrity. 

A Ghost-Writer wrote this book for him. 

The Ghost- Writer writes books for many Celebrities. 


He has written so many, he is now a Celebrity himself. 


Soon he will publish his own “Autobiography”. 

It will be written by another Ghost-Writer. 
Adolph Hitler was condemned for “book burning". 
In cases like these, maybe he had the right idea. 


3 
CD i 


| LESSON Т. حي‎ 


Les ш 


See the funny man. 

His name is Marvin Finstervlep. 

Soon he will get a nose job. 

Bob, bob, bob. 

Soon he will get a hair job. 

Paste, paste, paste. 

Soon he will get a name job. 

Bop Crash, Bop Crash, Bop Crash. 
Soon he will become a “Star”. 

Soon he will hate the Press. 

Why will he hate the Press? 

Because Reporters will annoy him. 
Because they will not respect his privacy. 
Because they will not let him be himself. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


| LESSON 4. | fem 


See the “Old-Time” Celebrity. 
Your Mommy and Daddy love her. 
She cannot sing. 

She sings. 

She cannot tell stories. 

She tells stories. 

And she cries, 

Cry, cry, cry. 

Boy, does she cry. 

Every performance. 

This is called nostalgia. 

This is also called a great “Gimmick”. 
She makes $30,000 a week. 

And she still cries. 

But it's not easy. 


See the nice Celebrity. 

She is an unlucky Celebrity. 

She is always getting lost on desert island 
She is always falling into swimming pools. 
She is so poor, she has few clothes to wear, 
Tsk, tsk, tsk. 

But do not feel bad. 


There is usually a nice photographer around to help her. 


What an odd-looking celebrity she is. 

Ha, ha, ha. 

Look at her odd shape. 

Aren't you glad your Mommy isn't shaped like that? 
Your Daddy isn't. 


LESSON 5. 


See the young Celebrity. 

He sings. 

La, la, la. 

He writes songs. 

Scribble, scribble, scribble. 

He acts. 

Emote, emote, emote. 

He owns most of the Western Hemisphere. 
He is a living legend. 

He has been in Show Business since 3 o'clock yesterday. 
He has humilitv. 

He makes $1000 a minute 

This could only happen in America. 

How much docs your Teacher make? 


See the awful Celebrity. 

He capitalizes on disease. 

He capitalizes on physical handicaps. 

He capitalizes on tragedies. 

This man is a Sick Comic. 

Sick, sick, sick. 

Decent people hate this man. 

Oops—I have made a mistake. 

This man is not a Sick Comic 

This man is the Emcee of an afternoon TV show. 
It is a wonderful show. 

It is called "Queen For A Day”. 

Decent people love this man. 

Kiss, kiss, kiss. 

Iam sorry I confused this man with a Sick Comic. 
Sometimes it is hard to tell the difference. 


See the lady 

She would like her son to be a Celebrity. 
He is three years old. 

He would like to be a Fireman. 

She drags him to Casting Offices. 

She drags him to Model Agencies. 

He has one of two choices. 

He can “make it" in Show Business. 

Or she will break every bone in his body. 
Crunch, crunch, crunch. 

He might never make it. 

But she will. 


Some day she will play the title role in a Monster Movie. 


She will not need make-up. 


This is a girl. 

I think. 

She doesn't eat. 

She doesn't sleep. 

All day long she collects autographs. 

All day long she collects souvenirs. 

She has one of Tray Donahue's socks 
She has one of Brenda Lee's fingernails. 
She has one of Charlton Heston's toothbrushes 
It weighs 140 pounds. 

Some day this girl will marry. 

Some day this girl will become a mother. 
Perhaps civilization will be lucky, 
Perhaps the H-Bombs will land first. 


ЛЕД) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Hm 


Int 


АМ" orite Chinese 
> 
NN 4 
Г] 3 E 
- دم‎ On 5 - | 1 
N 
: о 
РЕЗ E 
: E = 6 
PE = 
- 7 3 | 3 
o 
. ل‎ - Я, | 
6 
4 


M 
) | 


ng 


> 14 d 


41 4 


TAKE A "WAT OUT” LOOK AT OUR “SQUARE” WORLD 


.. AND EXPLORE THESE 
AMAZING MODERN PHENOMENA: 


* THE BALLYHOOED LAUNCHINGS 


of Madison Avenue Ad Campaigns 
that never get off the ground! 


* THE PROCESS OF LIFT-OFF 


used by salesmen апо retailers 
on the top of your pocketbook! 


*THE STATE OF WEIGHTLESSNESS 


of The Campaign Promises 
made by Political Candidates! 


* THE MILLIONS OF LUMINOUS PARTICLES 


on your Television Set Screens 
that are passed off as programs! 


*THE SUDDEN LOSS OF COMMUNICATION 


between the Big Slick Magazines 
and their Bored To Death Readers! 


* THE SUC-SEX-FUL RE-ENTRY PROCEDURE 


employed by Frantic Hollywood to get 
you back into their empty theaters! 


HAVE THIS “SIGNET 13" MAD CAPSULE SHIPPED TO YOUR 
PAD...ENJOY SOME HILARIOUS TAKE-OFFS...JOIN 


MAD IN ORBIT 


.. AND END UP AT SEA IN NEED OF SOME EMERGENCY RESCUE WORK! 


On Sale Now At Your Favorite Newsstand — Or Yours By Mail For 40е 


—— M — — € — e À À  À am! À — € € um em em use coupon on duplicate ======= == a n a e a n аш a uum єн» чн» m ue m чир тир m um s ашп аз m ع ان‎ SU ae um из an өю m m a 
ALSO PLEASE SEND ME: 1 ENCLOSE: 
_] The MAD Reader [C] 40¢ for 1 
POCKET 7] MAD Strikes Back Г] 75¢ for 2 
DEPARTMENT (0 Inside MAD O $1.05 for 3 
: Utterly MAD 0 $1.40 for 4 
850 Third Avenue, Ы The Brothers MAD 1 $1.75 for 5 
New York 22, 7 The Bedside MAD 1 $2.10 for 6 
NEW YORK Г] Son of MAD [] $2.45 for7 NAME 
O The Organization MAD C] $2.80 for 8 
PLEASE C] Like MAD $3.15 for9 ADDRESS 
SEND ME: 1 The Ides of MAD C] $3.50 for 10 
g C] Fighting MAD []$3.85 for 11 CITY ZONE__ 
MAD O The MAD Frontier O $4.20 for 12 
Г] And if you want all 13 capsules [ ] $4.55 for 13 STATE 


IN ORBIT ————— 
[] DON MARTIN STEPS OUT ea. ee 50€ On orders shipped outside U.S.A. add 10% 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Wk wa aluisayue " е " T haca an? 1 а shew? W А m 

YY ny WC d Way S 100K ang y ни писә au еп you wn A ОГК d ¢ 5 

Ed AG Lc 1А 0. "Be ae PME ADAE T : 

пага — 14, тауре 14 nour a day grow TINEST 001166 tree 1 pare 
set haz كه‎ ee Vases dum Rcx TNT كن‎ eee ee 

ripest bean — lift heavy sack — carry to boat — sweat and strain 


and for what? So big company can grind it into lousy instant 


Coffee 


coffee because American housewife too lazy to brew real [ x... j 
aN 7% WORM-FREE 


coffee, and American husband too spineless to object! IU 2| 


SUCKA INSTANT COFFEE... for “sucka” husband. >] WENN 


ЖД) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


