SUBSCRIBE T TO MAD 
VE MO 


SAW 
And Get The MAD Pin lin FREE 


NUMB SAVE 
Gesu 7 AN ASTOUNDING $24.50 
N9 Off the Newsstand Price and Get 
5 the Three MAD Pins 
Shown Here Absolutely 
FREE! 
AVE vie 
ail SAVE 
KY TA M-i 


iss 
RO Ue? Off theNewsstand Price and Get 
the MAD Zeppelin Pin 


Absolutely . 
FREE! o oe r 
SAVE 

KN > iol 


Sissu 


(i) 


Off the Newsstand Price and 
We Get Stuck With the Pins! 


SCHMUCK! 


Go for One of the Other Offers! 


MAD Pin COLLECTION SHOWN SMALLER THAN ACTUAL SIZE 
a re USA reg e nada), $23 for diane kabai ik for 30 issu KV oe sot paapelo gr ional! Merey Oreg T or Che zoana USA pani: an poo 
seta ny E Tara ye pre sayy MAD Magazine c S, baited bie $ hat is lost o K OR MONI ORDER PRE FERRED! 


VISA c or MASTERCARD ORDERS CALL 1-800-4- MAD MAG 


9 A.M. - 5 P.M. MON.- FRI. EASTERN Time (U.S.A. Onty!) 


Use THs HANDY PosTPAID CARD 


To Get Your MAD SUBSCRIPTION ROLLING! 


5 PSO Bo CARD ia spores Ny Pr 510 
MAD P, 1 
WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: Random Samplings of Reader Mail...2 


f 2 
J STALLONE RANGER DIES AGAIN DEPARTMENT: “Judge Dreck” (A MAD Movie Satire)...4 
Vi, 
f iy 
) + Y 


Vi 


BORING, 
| TENE. 


MAGNIFYING CRASS DEPARTMENT: Rock ‘N Roll Closeups...12 


CIGARETTE BUTT PLUGS DEPARTMENT: Marblerow Gear Catalogue...13 


TALES FROM THE DUCK SIDE DEPARTMENT: The Silly Suicidal Saga...17 


PROS AND CON-TRAST DEPARTMENT: Baseball Ys. Softball...18 


SAMPLE-MINDED DEPARTMENT: Breaking Down The MTV Generation...20 


(MOL 


CLOTHES ENCOUNTERS OF THE ABSURD KIND DEPARTMENT: Crimes of Fashion...24 


va] AUGUST 


Come, 


we) 1995 
bas DG 


NUMBER “@\_ 
\ = 
338 A 
“You can be on the night track and still get hit by a traind” 
— Alfred &. Neuman 


TWO SIDE OF THE CON DEPARTMENT: You're A Winner And A Loser...26 ly 
+ 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT: Spy YS. Spy...29 


BERG’S-EYE VIEW DEPARTMENT: The Lighter Side of...30 


MOM’S AWAY! DEPARTMENT: Latchkey Kid Magazine..,35 
SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT: A MAD Look at Rollerblading...39 


A KICK IN THE BUTLER DEPARTMENT: “Grace Uninspired” (A MAD TV Satire)...42 


FRONT COVER ARTIST: FRANK FRAZETTA 
BACK COVER ARTIST: JAMES WARHOLA BACK COVER WRITER: DAVID SHAYNE 


EAXAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


William M. Gaines 
founder 
Jenette Kahn 
president & editor-in-chief 
Paul Levitz 

executive vice president & publisher 
Joe Orlando 

vice president & associate publisher 
Nick Meglin 

John Ficarra 

editors 

Leonard Brenner 

art director 

Tom Nozkowski 

production 

Charlie Kadau 

loe Raiola 

associate editors 

Dick DeBartolo 

creative consultant 

Annie Gaines 

general manager 

Amy L. Vozeolas 

editorial assistant 

Marla Weisenborn 

production assistant 

Lillian Alfonso 

subscriptions 

Dorothy Crouch 

resident suit 

Contributing Artists 

And Writers 

the usual gang of idiots 


MAD (SSN 0024 9319) is published monehly except 
bimombly fo Mevary/Felruer, March/April and 
October /Noveenher by EC Publicanines, ine 1700 
Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019, Second class postage 
paid at New York, N.Y and at additional mailing 
offices. Subscription in USA: 6 bowes $15.50 or 24 
issues $37.50 or 40 ismos $59.50, Outside USA 
finehuding Canada); 8 asues $19.50 or 24 issues 
$51.50 or 40 Issues $62.50(Canadion price has GST 
tac included, Entire coments O copyright 1995 by EC. 
Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of 
address to become elfectve, and include mailing label 
when making change of address or inquiring about 
your subsenipbion, POSTMASTER: send address change 
to MAD, P.O, Box 0849, Baldwin, N.Y, 11510, The 
Publisher and Editors will not be respomtitile for umo- 
licited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be 
accompanied by a stamped sell-aduressed return enve» 
lope. The names of characters used in all MAD ficnon 
and senni-Bction are fictitious, A gentilacity without sabr- 
ic purpose to a living person is a coincidence, 

Printed in USA. 


Vey MA) 7A 
ey MAD Coe, 
Tieke e ten fe 5 bany the 


Ya mieg the Ani toe” ober = arate 


~% 
MED reaver 


-Â ms 
Meat Puppets’ bassist Cris Kirkwood reacts to his band’s 
mention in issue #339’s “Names of Music Groups as they 
Appear Elsewhere in Our Lives.” And since we're talking 
about rock, we can’t think of a better opportunity to 
renew our dare to Pearl Jam; we challenge you to have 
your next CD cover illustrated by MAD's own Duck Edwing! 


THE TRUTH IS RIGHT HERE 


Creator/Executive Producer Chris Carter cry out in terror as they read MAD #335! No, 
not because theyre reading “The Lighter Side Of...,” but because they're enjoying our 
sotire “The Ecch Files"! Now, here’s a real mystery we'd like them to investigate: How did 
on intelligent, witty, quality program like theirs ever wind up on the FOX network?? 


EAXAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


LETTERS & 


As a concerned middle school teacher, | am dis 
gusted with the contents of your magazine. Too 
often I have faced Beavis & Butt-head imperson- 
ators in the classtroum who do not understand that 
they are affecting a life of irresponsibility and stu- 
pidity that would contribute nothing positive to 
our society. After a closer look at the filth you 
propagate, it is clear to me that your magazine is a 
major cause of the decline of our youth. Do you feel 
no responsibility for the immoral thoughts and 
actions in which you encourage our youth to 
engage? Satirical humor is funny, and 1 can appre- 
ciate some of your work, but why is it that you can- 
not cut some of the foul language, sexually sugges- 
tive scenes, and disrespectful attitudes. They only 
encourage actions and thoughts that are degrading 
and fruitless. Please consider cleaning up your act 
for the sake of our youth and the future of our soci- 
ety. 

Lisa Venable 
H.P. Miles Middle School 
Waco, TX 


I'm writing to you to let you know that I'm deeply 
concerned about the filth you are publishing in 
your magazine. Í find it very repulsive and I find it 
very hard to helieve you would publish such trash 
for our young children. I do not get your magazine. 
But it was at our middle school library. I also 
called the librarian and talked to her about it. She 
also said that she was disgusted about the maga- 
zine and that they will not be ordering any more 
and they are throwing away the copies that are 
coming back from kids checking them out. You can 
be sure that | will share with other parents about 
this awful magazine, 

Norma Meinen 
Bloomer, WI 
it sounds like you two have common interests. Hey, we 
have an ideal Why don’t you become pen pals! Then you 
could write about all the filth in the world on ragged 
pieces of loose leaf paper and mail them to each other! 
Yeah! Ooh, wait! You can both go online and e-mail filth 
updates to each other! Then you could contact each 
other's librariano and spend an afternoon chatting 
about filth! You know what? Set up a filth hotline! What 
a great way to spend summer break that would ve! Well, 
excuse us now, we're due back on planet Earth! —Ed. 


F3. 


Pes 


ONE HOMELY 


I think that an Alfred E. Neuman phone (as 
depicted in many of your recent subscription ads) 
would be a big hit! Are you planning to license 
one? 


Steven M. Brown, M.D. 
Mequon, WI 
CHUCKAMUCKGaol.com 
Doc Brown — We spoke to our pals at AT&T — the ones 
that are part of our “Friends and Family” calling circle — 
and presented your idea to them, They responded like 
their sappy TY commercials with the sappier Tom Selleck 
voice-overs: “Make and receive calls on an Alfred E. 
Neuman phone? You won't!" Fortunately, there are plenty 
of other MAD-related products about to go on the mar- 
ket! Watch for the Alfred E. Neuman “special edition” 
Pocket Wok, the Spy Yo. Spy Chia Pets and the Sam 
Viviano Horse Grooming Brushes! They'll be available at 
all Warner Bros, Studio Store locations! If you don't see 
them, ask! —Ed. 


TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 


INSIGNIFICANT DATA DELUXE 


BIG BAD MAD #1 
ON SALE AUGUST 22!! 


MAD #339 ON SALE AUGUST 22!! 


Have you played MAD One-Liners yet? It's the weakly geme 
in which yoo have a cheese te write captions for new sar 
topas by MAD ortistel Where exe yeu play? On Amerisa 
Online's DE Comiee Online! Correspond with the Usual Cang 
af ldigh: asd ether MAD fans, download MAD color images 
and text (ew files all the time!) and more! All you eeed is 
à compoter, modem and a major credit card or checking 
account! If you don't already have America aliae, call t- 
800-203-2600 for a FREE starter kit and 10 FREE boari! 


NEW! NEW! NEW?! 


MAD's NEW Address: 
1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019 


NEW Subscription Address: 
P.O. Box 0849, Baldwin, NY 11510 


NEW FAX MAD # 
(212) 506-4840 


Credit Card (Visa or MasterCard) 
Subscription Orders 800 # 
(800) 4MADMAG (462-3624) 
above # for U.S. orders only! 


NEW Subscription Customer Service # 

(516) 756-0350 

IMPORTANT: we will be unable to assist with sub- 
scription customer service at our editorial offices or 
toll fee number! 


Note: MAD #337's “Buttman Fershlugginer” was written by 
Dick DeBartolo and illustrated by Mort Drucker. But you 
knew that! 


CELEBRITY SNAPS 


Here's the best offer you'll hear all day! We're look 
ing for pictures of you, our readers, with famous, 
big-name celebrities! Send us copies of photos 
clearly identifying you and the incredibly well 
known person you met! If we print your photo. 
we'll send you a free one-year subse ription to 
MAD! If you and the celebrity are holding a copy of 
MAD in the photo, we'll make it a three-year sub- 
scription! As an example, here's a picture some 
schmuck loser with no life sent us a few years ago 
of himself with Steve Allen! It's too late for him to 
get a free subscription, but not you! Send them to 
MAD Celebrity Snaps, 1700 Broadway, NY, NY 
10019! If you want your photos back, include a 
sell-addressed, stamped envelope! 


Helio, Chups?! Colonel Nigel Fabbersham, here! 
I want to take this opportunity to tell you all of a 
truly EXTRAORDINARY Super Special coming your way 
faster than a herd of rampaging buffalo in heat! Its 


name is Big Bad ! And by big I do mean 


BIG - 96 glorious pages! And when I say bad, I do mean 
BAD, badder than a herd of RAMPAGING BUFFALO in 
heat (hough not the same herd F mentioned previously, thank good- 
ness)! But wait! I’ve saved the most extraordinary 
news for last! This Super Special marks the debut of 
the recently unearthed “LOST PAGES OF AD” - 
a collection of some of the most EXTRAORDINARY 
works by MAD writers and artists that has never before 
appeared in magazine form! I do hope you'll cut a path 
to your purveyor of magazines on August 22 and 
UNEARTH a copy of your very own. And be sure to tell 
them Colonel Nigel Fabbersham sent you. Cheerio! 


r beshala sete! 


aserre 


4 


i; 


4 


| his 


Please Address All Correspondence To: MAD, Dept. 338, 1700 Broadway, N.Y., N.Y. 10019. 
MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not be returned or acknowledged, however, 


unless t 


ERAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications. Inc. 


ed envelope! 


STALLONE RANGER DIES AGAIN DEPT. 


Fifty years from now, the world will be very different! The most 
novel innovation will be the legal system! Justice will be meted 
out instantly by people who will arrest, try and convict wrongdoers 
ou the spot! They will be called Judges! The 21st century jail will 
be more dangerous, more run down and dirtier than our present 
day prisons! They'll be more like our present day public schools! 


‘| What slow motion? That's 


Just who Almost as ; Why do they ý 


Judge Dreck 


the hell Dreck’s a successful popular as have so Sly’s speed in real life! is the most | He 
is comic book character that other many slow /f!/|When they want the action feared man learned 
Judge in England! They splendid to look normal, they run in the from 
Dreck? had the idea that British idea. the film faster! After country! studying 
I never if they introduced “Taxation all. the guy's almost 50 With him. Judge 
heard him in the U.S.A. without Ca with years old and they don't civil rights Clarence 
of him! “4i representation”! a ` Stallone? want to risk him plotzing! mean nothing! Thomas! 


he'd be popular! 


js P < C'mon, you |4] It’s true! Right! In fact it was p Because wen, hes |? 24 
we gotta be jj We were || [Then you me and not him who ), | hate still here! 5 
LaS kidding! W both and starred in "FLS.T.” Gf him and |æ Ihope | 
5 You're cloned Dreck “Paradise Alley”, anted to | you're a E a, 
i / really from the are “Oscar”, “Rhinestone”, ruin his |p| lot more | =e (7 
BW Judge same actually and “Stop, or = — movie (A successful | 774A 
“pe 6 Dreck's DNA! tes a My Mother Will Shoot”! career! |a this time | Ai - f 
PRS; $ brother? = around! h $ 


With Judge Yeah! Up to now the 
Dreck bad guys have shot 
on the everyone they aimed 


Dreck doesn't get| |Watching him. 
frightened! ou can see 
Watching him. that the word 


scene, at! But all of a you can see that “Acting” 
things sudden, they're “Fear” is not a isn't in his 
will be unable to hit a word that’s in vocabulary, 


either! 


; a lot target as large 
different! |f | as that big moose... 


{ 


his vocabulary! 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER 
WRITER: STAN HART 


poe» Br ta ist 


1 You never can tell! Yeah! Or as “a” ; This doesn't We're supposed to 

He may have as |, | forgettable F 3 look like be on screen next 
AE man, quite ready | memorable a moviehfi] as the movie fè"; ~ K Gotham City, door! But with 
"| Dredd-o- || to step out career as former careers of V ; Robin! We these multiplex 

P| lator, of Saturday SNL graduates Joe Piscopo, N may have theaters so close 
Night Live Bill Murray, Dana Carvey (? stumbled together, some- 

and into Eddie Murphy and Julia a into the _| thing like this was 

movies! and Billy Crystal! Sweeney! ~~ wrong moviel |y] bound to happen! 


Wi 


2 cA oie j % 
i i 


UEF 
Druckern 


i in z 


006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


tore vj 


I'd say, “No | protest aeae 
thanks. | that our fy I'ma 4 Constitution? 

already have current misinterprets the hasic I'm talking 
one!” But if system document of the United if about The 

| ever need violates States under which i A Republican 
a spare part, our we operate! In it, Contract 

I'll call you! citizens” the ordinary citizen With 

has very few rights! America! 


treedoms! 


Good shooting, cadets! 
Monday is Open School 
Night! Each of you must 
bring a parent to class! 
We're running out 


Your performance 

concerns me. Judge worry! I'll 
Dreck! Last week get those 
u maimed 15 men, numbers 
fatally injured ten l up! 


excused! | 
know how good 


Menendez 
brothers! 


more and conducted f I'm cutting of targets! your aim is! 
seven executions! out lunch - 
It was ghastly! 3 
: a 
n 


N | Dreck judged 


RE Rico escaped Yeah! But some things Judge . I'm relieved! 
Y7] me and sent by using never change, like using Dreck, | was afraid 
Y FA me away! But new, highly old, demeaning clichés! you are it was - 
iN ee now I'll advanced In this movie, the under something 
| S4 judge him! 30th century villain has the serious! 
A| technology! usual Italian name! = NE 
‘ 


\ Ny Vy ra S 
LA P oF ~ 
WKS 8 MiSs hi. ae 


How come Dreck What Insanity! My You have You may have been Isn't | Maybe! But 
gets a trial defense client went been found framed because that it's our only 
when everyone of nuts trying guilty! you seem so ceremony excuse to 
else gets tried, Judge to figure much like a still a show off his 
convicted and Dreck out whats |_ j life! | must little body! It's 
sentenced right do you happening in 4 7 strip you of old- | inthe 
on the spot? offer? this moviel RAET your uniform! fashioned? | | 


; Lh \ \. 
—— "1 \ 


it Me 


With a heavy |i 


= That's a | want to start the Leave that to me! 
heart | You'd look that bad joke! Janus plan under I've had years of 
leave Smegma |. way too, if they How many which | can use experience 
City and ] made you wear people clones to dominate | being a brutal 
retire to Sharon Stone's will the world! But first despot! | used 
the ugly old costume from remember we must have the to be a high 
The Quick and The that bomb? population afraid school Phys- 


Dead! Ha! Ha! Ed teacher! 


oe NTH 


to challenge us! 


i 
f 


1| This graduation photo | heard Dreck survived ps | believe you know | couldn't make a | don't think | 
of Dreck and Rico the prison shuttle crash, | ~ Dr. Hateful, the positive diagnosis there's 
means either they're which comes as no i psychlatrist, until we had many anything 
the same age and surprise since we have more sessions! But unbalanced 


ney Dreck! 
hie She testified 
that you might 
be mentally 
unbalanced! 


60 tedious minutes 
left in this potboiler! 
It's S-T-R-E-T-C-H time! 


are twin clones or 
Rico was Dreck’s 
prom datel 


Ie / 


Dreck refused to 
lie on my couch 
unless | was lying 
next to him! 


EAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. = 


about that 
request! 
Heh- 
heh heh! 


) React à 


| And if that 


Ha! You judges thought Means dial is He gets 
that your law could don't set on 1, Wheel of 
work! You didn't realize work, for"kill"! You Fortune 
that the only thing trya are a dead and that 
that's truly effective kick in the man, makes him 
is God’s law! cajones! even meaner! 


I | changed the dial | hated you Not even close! It's 

| you om, to Number 3! and wanted to ——- just that the job of 
i put him That's a PBS fund- destroy you! So, under dealing with the city's 
f raising drive! But now | see that hard guy crime, drugs, unwed 
that together, exterior. teenage mothers and 
we two brothers you're really a welfare problems are 

could rule bleeding heart too tough for even 


me to handle! 


the city! @ humanitarian! 


y 1 
, SA 


Not exactly! At least 
this pose will remind 


Don't fall for that 


This fight scene f 
F.C. bull! We're rx 


between women 


Dreck! 


shows that fighting to show All your people to rent 
| there's a sexual some boobs and efforts Cliffhanger! | 
| equality in this buns! It's in our gE have come make ten cents 
contracts. too! per rental! 


to nothing! 


You 


You Not me! 


Of course! You | got bad news And the good news? 


may know a lot of and good news could | want to could 
high-tech stuff but for you! First bea | be out on be stuck 
what you don't know ‘| the bad news! We judges sitting | the street! with a 
is that the hero i| You're 150 have given judge. case that 
& never dies that way! feet above your dive a if you drags on 
- 9.6 rating! wanted! and on... 


the ground 


Eh? Did she say they found a 
* bloody glove or a ruddy dove? 


Call replacement 
juror number 13,768! 


oo” 


„and might 
never end! 


f 2 


yright © 2006 by E.C. 


Am 


Publicati 


r T 


DOWNLOAD MY 
RAW DATA, BABY! 


CONTROL, ALT, DEVIATE DEPT, 


We've known for years what the computer Is capable of doing. You can shop for groceries, 
order alrline tickets, and even do personal banking. Big deal! It wasn't until some pencil- neck geek 
Came up with the idea of computer sex that we stood at attention in absolute amazement! After how 
upon hours of palnstaking (yet pleasurable) research, we came up wilh... 


OME PER 


ARTIST AND WRITER: JOHN CALDWELL 


I'VE GOT 
960 MEGABYTES 
OF HARD DRIVE 

FOR YOu, 

BABYCAKES! 


Don't lie just to impress Do make your partner feel comfortable 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Do incorporate the latest software 


STUD MINDENWOFF'S 

COMPUTER REPAIR 
SERVICE! HERE 
TO MONKEY 


Do practice role playing 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAGNIFYING CRASS DEPT. 


Even if you think you Know ie SONG, every Video, 
every Duran, are you sharp anes Lo identify these 


ROCK © ROLL 
CLOSES 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN ARTIST: SAM VIVIANO 


a) The Rob and Fab record on sale, complete with fungi and dust 

b) Aerial view of the moat built by Paul Simon to keep Art Garfunkel away 
c) The latest thing hanging around Flavor-Flav's neck 

d) Your guess: 


a) Microbes and paramecia combed out of Willie Nelson's beard 

b) Cher’s extra-secret tattoos that fewer than 200 people have seen 

c) The epic battle between Michael Jackson’s DNA and Lisa Marie Presley's 
d) Your guess: 


a) Prison bars, reserved for Ice-T by America’s cops, if he even thinks about littering 

b) The notches that Robert Plant carves into his arm for every time a reporter asks about a Led Zep reunion 
c) Aside view of the late Albert Goldman’s unfinished manuscript: “Kenny G — What a Scumsucking Pig” 
d) Your guess: 


a) The four remaining highway rest stops in the US where Elvis has not been spotted 
b) The rap group Onyx, trapped on a drifting ice floe, as seen from the rescue plane 
c) The most disgusting panties ever thrown onstage at a rock star 

d) Your guess: 


a) Rod Stewart's wimpy, forced teardrop as he sings “Have | Told You Lately That ! Love You” 

b) Alit match being held up in the air by some idiot fan screaming for “Free Bird” at a Sade concert 
c) A hole in the ozone layer being created by RuPaul's daily aerosol hairspray requirements 

d) Your guess: 


a) Donnie Wahlberg trying to forget the flop comeback of NKOTB 
by setting fire to a hotel carpet 

b) Any Cypress Hill recording session 

c) Aconfused Beavis and Butt-head, burning their own CD 

d) Your guess: 


a) Sid Vicious’ very last hacked-up loogie, under glass at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 

b) What happens when heavy metal bands run out of TV sets, and throw each other off motel balconies 
c) The officially licensed Wayne's World Fake Vomit — good for a million laffs! 

d) Your guess: 


a) Aerial view of Jim Morrison’s infamous Miami concert 

b) The pacifier Ron Wood gave his wife on their wedding anniversary 
c) What Paul Simon looks like to Art Garfunkel 

d) Your guess: 


answers on page 48 


JSD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


CIGARETTE BUTT PLUGS DEPT. 


It's truly mind-boggling to witness the absurd and insulting levels tobacco companies will stoop to in 
order to entice us to smoke. From hideously grotesque cartoon camels to macho jerks on horseback to 
bimbo models in negligees to gratuitous “sponsorship” of sports and music events — we thought we'd 
seen it all. Hoo boy, were we wrong! The latest chicanery unleashed upon us by America’s merchants of 
death is a slick, full color catalog appearing in magazines all over the country. Their revalting sales pitch: 
smoke enough butts and we'll make it easy for you to get some shoddy merchandise with our hateful logo 
“emblazoned” on it. Hey, just think, if you smoke all the cigarettes they want you to and manage to sur- 
vive, you could become a walking advertisement for carcinogens! You'll find all the sickening details in... 


ren: DICK DEBANTOLO ` 
ARTIST: GREG THEAKSTON wR i i 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


e 


MarbleRow revives an old motorcycle idea with a 
modern twist. Ideal for use in carpools in which 
you're the only smoker. Zinc-plated sidecar bolts 
to vehicle, allowing uninterrupted enjoyment of 


your nicotine addiction. 
Emblazoned with MarbleRow logo. 
300,000 miles 


AUTOMOBILE SIDECAR 


Ask for your favorite cigarette doorsy æ 
“MarbleRow Cowboy” voice, even tho ferhas // 
completely dissolved your vocal chords ned with j 

MarbleRow logo, T million miles. 


ELECTRONIC BOX” 
= | SA), 


I` 
PAN | 


y 


— WA) EMERGENCY OXYGEN 
ul) MASK AND TANK BPS 


| Superior construction and stylish design combine 


] 7) ZS — ` l |! to help reinvigorate failing lungs between ciga- 
\¥ f i X rettes, Portable for home or office use. 
\H | | Ky N\|| emblazoned with MarbleRow logo. 48,000 miles. 


SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Cigarette Smoke Contains 
- Carbon Monoxide—And That's One Of The Better Things In It. 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Never again hear friends and family say “I told you so” when 
those little black dots begin growing and multiplying on your 
lung x-rays. Our exclusive fluid allows you to “white” them 
out. Not for use on actual lungs. Bottle emblazoned with 
MarbleRow logo. 55,000 miles (two bottles for 96,000 miles). 


Rugged indoor styled jacket has 11 pockets! 
Eight for cigarettes, one for a lighter and two 
fire retardant cargo pockets that can be used 

as ashtrays when you're in places where 
thoughtless people have not provided any (as 
in hospital wards or jet airline restrooms)! 
Emblazoned with MarblcRow logo, 50,000 miles. 
Also available: Bulletproof smoker's jacket (in 
case rabid anti-smokers get even more mili- 
tant). 150,000 miles. (Be sure to state size: 
S,M,L,XL. Please allow for the fact that are you 
probably shrinking.) 


/ PPRISMOKER'S JACKET 


Keep yourself out of trouble with t | 
this assortment of “furniture match” ca 

paints that cover unsightly and g 

unavoidable cigarette burns wherev- , 

er you make them. Kit also includes \ PA 
dozens of fabric patches, ideal to 4 

cover those dropped ash burns in 

rugs and upholstery. Emblazoned 

with MarbleRow logo. 1,525 miles. 


SMOKER’S 
REPAIR KIT PP | 


SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Smoking May Shorten 
Your Memory And Do Something Else We Can't Remember. 


A 
A 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SURGEON GENERAL'S WARNING: Quitting Smoking Now 
Greatly Reduces Your Chances Of Being Ripped-Off By 


Crappy Merchandise Offers. 


When cigarette-related disease leaves you too weak to stand 
or drive a car, this ready-customized walker will make you 
feel like you're shuffling ten times faster than other lifelong 
smokers, Emblazoned with MarbleKow logo. 13,313 miles. 


RACING STRIPE WALKER PP 


Exclusive handsomely bound volume of Tat 
experiments, field research and other ersa 
indicating smoking is in no way harmful 
Funded by the tobacco industry, this conversa 
will look great on your coffee table, right n 
ashtray. Emblazoned with MarbleRow log 


“SCIENTIFIC STUDI 


ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee a a a aana aa aa a a aa a a a 


=, Collect MarbleRow Cancer Store Miles on specially marked MarbleRow packs. Each pack proof is worth 5 miles. Collect 
==—=5 five packs, you have 25 miles. Collect 100 packs, you have 300 miles. (Fortunately, we don't offer a MarbleRow Gear 
=== calculator for you to check our math!) 


WHEN YOU'VE COLLECTED ENOUGH MARBLEROW CANCER STORE MILES 
TO GET THE GEAR, COMPLETE THESE 4 STEPS: 


EE Send us a list of the item(s) you wish to order. You don’t have to print or write legibly, since sending you your merchandise is at the 
bottom of our list. We already got you to smoke hundreds of packs of MarbleRows, which was the real reason for this promotion! 
E You must include your signature and birthday. You must swear that you are over 21 years of age. (But teenagers should remember that 
there is really no way for us to know if you're lying or not!) 
Prepare a money order or check. Please wash your hands before you fill it out. We don’t want to deal with the odor from your smelly 
Smoker's fingers. 
Send your completed order form, plus your check or money order and the tons of Cancer Store Miles required to: 
MarbleRow Cancer Store 
29 Tumor Way 
Collapsed Lung, Montana 59715 


Remember, we are not responsible if the cost of sending the MarbleRow Cancer Miles to us combined with the cost of shipping and handling 

exceeds the value of the gear itself. This offer is limited to smokers 21 years of age and older who are still living. Offer void for employees of 

Morris Philip and its advertising agencies. (There's a clause in our contract with our health insurance provider preventing us from smoking!) 
Please allow 10-12 weeks for delivery. If you're a real heavy smoker, request FEDEX delivery so your gift gets to you before you expire. 


a ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee a a o a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a 


ren nana 
L a =» æ es ee ae a ee ee ee ee ee ee mee ew ol 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


TALES FROM THE DUCK SIDE DEPT. 


| HE SILLY SUICIDAL 


807 GO AHEAD and JUMP ] f ALBA, you mean you're 


if you've got the GUTS! not aven going to TRY to 
talk me out of ił? 


We Ha! Why should 1? DONATO 
and I will live HIGH off 
your INSURANCE MONEY! 4 


| ~ T want to 
LIVE anymore... 


You heard right, CHUMPI Y Put you're : 

Your gorgeous wife and | just a you'll EVER be, BEANHEAD! 

have been a HOT ITEM for So do us ALL a favor 
te last TWO YEARS! and JUMP ALREADY! 


Pianina TONNO! Vef VIl say! But 
Poor woman! She's been WHO'S the CUTE 
through 8O MUCH. . . f 


Ray 


17 


LAD Commas © 2006 = E.C. Publications, ee 


PROS AND CON-TRAST DEPT. 


A bigger ball, an extra outfielder and a larger strike zone. If you think that's all that soparates tho amateurs from the professionals on the field of 


BASEBALL v 


If you'see the pitcher warming up with a If you see the pitcher warming up with a babe 3 
catcher in the bullpen..J7”S BASEBALL in his Chevy Blazer..IT’S SOFTBALL A 


If when it starts to get dark some of the fans 
got in their cars to loave...J7°“S BASEBALL 


If the third base coach signals the runner to If the third base coach signals his wife to 
go home..JTS BASEBALL bring him more nachos..JT75 SOFTBALL 


If a buxom gir 
of the players..J7"5 BASEBALL 


If after the game a crew must convert the If after the game a guy must convert the field 
field to a football stadium.7’S BASEBALL to a flea market. IT’S SOFTBALL 


If the best seat in the house is the owner of 
ARTIST: JACK DAVIS WRITER: MICHAEL O'ROURKE the team’s luxury box..J7’S BASEBALL 


18 
JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


dreams, you've got another thing coming, rosin-bag-breath! Actually, once you sit down and do some research, you'll find a plethora of differences in. 


s. SOFTBALL 


A f ` 
DZ 
IAT, 


RAC) S) 
2 DIA s 


X $ AA 
If the average player takes in over a million If the average player takes in over a million 
dollars a year..I7’S BASEBALL calories a game..IT’‘S SOFTBALL 


If when it starts to get dark some of the fans 
line up their cars along the back fence to light 
the field. J7°S SOFTBALL 


a4 = $F Ak tax l 
If the pitcher's Earned Run Average is 3.5... If the pitcher's Blood Alcohol Level is 3.5... 
IT’S BASEBALL IT’S SOFTBALL 


If a buxom girl runs onto the field to play 
shortstop..J7‘5 SOFTBALL 


If the manager 1s an older gentleman with a If the entire team is made up of older gentle- 
pot hally J7’S BASEBALL men with pot bellies. /7°S SOFTBALL 


lf the best seat in the house is the owner of 
the Winnebago’s lounge chairs he put on the 
van's roof...7°S SOFTBALL RBD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


19 


SAMPLE-MINDED DEPT. 


MTY is one of the greatest suc- 
cess stories ever. Hard driving 
videos, bodacious babes strut- 
ting in skimpy outfits, Beavis and 
Butt-head and so much more! 
What we wanted to know is: who 
watches this crap? We did a little 


2, digging and uncovered some 

egr a A MASS interesting facts about the 

Se Ws = Me SN Vf ‘ A i losers who sit around for hours 

r y Lit D UW iy ia PASS staring at the boob tube! So, 

2 2/ MF SN ii LT A, X Sa please read on ‘cause we're... 
+ 0 S&M freaks tuning into Headbanger's Ball for fashion tips. 


Wilf C VEO GAR 


8 z Er 
9.7/. Michael Jackson's squadron of 


lawyers, checking to make sure they always, 
always, always call him "The King of Pop." 


S fi ` 
Ñ As f XS 3 


m on á Sii x E. AR N è 
1] 6; Lae Wk S 
" 8 Rebels who hate corporate rock and 


oy, = eN SO 
only listen to “alternative” music by “alternative 0001 / =< DWN > 
roups" — just like every other single person they " o Viewers who are still 
now. shocked and outraged by Madonna. 
20 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


o @ Benedictine monks "gone show biz." 


ARTIST: LESLIE STERNBERGH WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


J.O, w | 
3 o HOG gp who thak ist hoy 12.7/, Latohkey kids who've convinced 


Sadar Sae a a oe we their absentee parents that videos by Warren G., 


3 ight, , 
Cee o Keho ioa! hor ih wos overig tor Nine Inch Nails and the Meat Puppets are actually 
' educational TV. 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. ii 


- aL. 4 3 a A pat < s D À 5 = F á 2 Zn A i 

ò Dajani cases who get horny ® Patient types who just know MTV's Top 20 

pt “heating Kennedy say "Toad the Wet Countdown i is about to get around to playing the John 
Sprocket." Tesh request they phoned in five years ago. 


T j A, IEN be EN / Sp 
+ tee: “she still mwg a final Bra on 


the Mwin Son Jovi's House" contest. 


a 
W (i 
i 


D a 
; ‘ Was 
= ARAN 


i; A Mi Q TRE NA a =a | ey z 
7 \ NN NAN a “A i s 14 ah ; EA <3 er 
3 3 he Sa 3 i ® Realistic guys vig ve given up on Cindy. 

a Sicko creeps still hoping to wt a and would just like to meet that foxy "Bee Girl" from the 
n glimpse of that Def Leppard guy's stump. Blind Melon video. 


EXAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ty 


o 
A People who are certain they can figure 
out what the hell's going on in Meatloaf's latest video, 


le “y__ if they just watch extra carefully for the 79th time. 


J j s N a ri 
> z9 f d 
wA f 


f 7 TD al bf 
1 0/ 4 PD WA 
" @ People who don't want to risk missing the 
- excitement in case one of the Red Hot Chili Peppers 
ever puts on a shirt. 


\\ A : 5 
4) it, s> aii 
0 u Confused oldsters who can't quite read the 


channel changer anymore, wondering what 
Dogg's doing on Matlock. ial ine 


i = 
SHON NE ( 
ar) f 
s a Ms Ss 
> re ie 
Ke t- pas 


d 


m iiini seats T A K m sa $ voi t NY S/F 
v NA ERE > è f (ee Sa ` paene Se ith 7; I a A: 7 , 
2 1 AL ý - g x Rs = Sa F ae Mes aie ast à ~ We Pfs = 
a o Disney animators watching Beavis 5 3 / yy aE — 
and Butt-head, drinking heavily and wondering . o Dogs, startled by Mariah 
what's the use. Carey's high-pitched squeals. 
Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 23 


(Janome 
© Pa Při 


f T OTA-TING GA BANGLE 


FRAUD DISTURBIN 
A grotesque transgression, Fraud occurs when an individual knowingly dons apparel wholly incon- Disturbing The Peace occurs when a perpetrator 
sistent with their chronological age for the purpose of appearing younger to members of the oppo- premeditatediy wears or displays any jewelry 
site sex. This disturbing crime is increasing at a near epidemic rate as the youth-obsessed Baby and/or accessories which, in the course of nor- 


Boom Generation moves into middie age and beyond. 


CLOTHES ENCOUNTERS OF THE ABSURD KIND DEPT. 


You have to wonder why, with so many clothing stores and magazines devot- 
ed to fashion, there are so many people walking around in our society who 
look as if they've been dressed by a blind circus clown. MAD thinks it's 
about time the government takes a stand on these horrible eyesores and sets 
up a police task force dedicated to arresting all those who commit... 


D.W.. (Dressing While Intoxicated) UNLAWFUL ASSEMBLY 
An individual is guilty of Dressing While Intoxicated (D.W.|.) when he or The oldest fashion crime known to mankind, Unlawful Assembly takes place 
she, while under the influence of alcohol or other mind-altering sub- when one's selection of attire expresses a wanton disregard for esthetics 
stance, dresses in a manner tantamount to visual pollution, Reponed and local community standards as related to the public combining of plaids, 
instances of this crime are down since the formation of MADD (Mothers checks, stripes and other assorted fabric patterns. 
Against Drunk Dressing). 


REXAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


iI THE PEACE IMPROPERLY SECURING A LOAD 


mal bodily movement, produce noise pollution Most frequently perpetrated by those of the zaftig persuasion, a citizen guilty of Improperly 
which distracts, irritates and/or enrages others Securing A Load insists on wearing a garment, which, by all fashion industry standards, rules of 
within a 50-foot radius. common decency, and laws of physics cannot support, contain or restrain the body mass of the 


Offending individual. 


FASHION 


ARTIST AND WRITER: TOM CHENEY 


j 
UNLAWFUL IMPRISONMENT ENTRAPMENT 
Tragically, the victims of Unlawful Imprisonment are children preyed upon by A truly heinous and intensely anti-social fashion infraction, one is guilty of 
over-protective parents or guardians. Acting In a deliberate manner and with Entrapment when he or she falls to make a prompt and reasonable effort 
reckless disregard of comfort and actual weather conditions, these insensi- to extract that portion of the garment which has been therein wedged, 
tive adults dress minors in such a way so as to render them totally immobile, from the dark recesses of the gluteus maximus (crack). 


often resulting in their being mistaken for stuffed animals or lawn omaments. 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 25 


TWO SIDES OF THE CON DETT- SIDES OF THE CON DEPT. 

saama Hot in Mapou've ohtior OV 
ner or a loser. Such as, the Road 
Runner is a winner, whereas daytime 
soap opera actress Susan Lucci is a 
loser! But hey, Jerky, it ain't always so 
cut and dry! We betcha didn't know 


there are times when you can experi- 
ence both the thrill of victory and the 
agony of defeat! So, here are some 
examples fo prove our point when... 


When your school board decides to counter- 
act plummeting grades by “dumbing down” a i 
the standards... When you finally outbid everyone in the auction hall for the 


glazed ceramic bust of Jim Nabors... 
YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 
YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you 
win first 
place ina 
Rush 
Limbaugh 
look-alike 
contest... 


YOU’REA 
WINNER 
s5 AND A 
fee ‘ez | a LOSER! 
When you get to take the full medical 
deduction on your income taxes... 


YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you're taken right on time 
for your appointment with your 


When you grab the very last copy of 
have built up to the point that crushing proctologist... Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot in the 


When the callouses on your forehead 


beer cans doesn’t even sting anymore... video store... 


YOU'RE A WINNER AND A 
YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER 


~ YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 
LAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST: TOM BUNK 
WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


When the guy who’s monopo- 


When backers finally raise the money to 
produce your sensitive, dramatic screen- 
play by signing Rosie O’Donnell... 


YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you get home in time to catch Saturday 
Night Live... 


YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


; lized the “HOOTERZZ” vanity 
When you find out exactly what the plates you've wanted for so 


recipe is for that Chinese dish you long finally dies... 


love so much... YOU’RE A WINNER AND A 
YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! OSER! 


When you can get your dental care totally free from nearby 
student trainees... 


YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you smoke 
enough packs to 
redeem 35,000 
of your 
coupons 
for ski 
equipment... 


YOU’RE A WINNER 
AND A LOSER! 


p N i À 
— j Y j 


BAD Copyright ©2 


When you win 3rd place on America’s Funniest Home Videos 
for your incredible “Lawn Mower Vasectomy” clip... 


When you get your entire prison sentence wiped YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER 
out just by trying one experimental serum... 


YOU’RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you pay off all your i 
outstanding debts thanks to When the motorcycle cop says there’s no 


a loan from gentlemen earn way ` pony yosi one aes 
icke i > like 4 e to pay 
When your lover says that of the 250 named Louie Nickels and ing all alone like you shou av 
a ou’ Icepick... a speeding ticket, when the two of you 
sex partners they've had, you're the p PARAR aAirr p Arei 


very best... YOU’RE A WINNER AND A 
YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! LOSER! YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! 


When you succeed in spending When your goiter gets you 
just 45 cents on soap, shampoo into the Guinness Book of 
When William Shatner agrees to sing the song and deodorant in a whole year... World Records... 


you've written... YOU'RE A WINNER AND A YOU'RE A WINNER AND A 
YOU'RE A WINNER AND A LOSER! LOSER! LOSER! 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


omete 90n ww etee oe 4am aaa 


BRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Behe Seve WEW DEL CLASS REGISTRATION 


HE 


I've been waiting on this 
line for over two hours! 
I'm going to leave and 
complain to the dean! 


Forget it, pal! There’s 
a longer line there! 


30 EAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


COMMUNICATION 


Hi, Dad! You want Mom? 
She can't come to 
the phone right now! 


[ave z5] K 


Hmm, I see by the tarot cards You mean good 


there is much suffering ahead things will 
for the next ten years! happen then, 
Ah, but then things change! Madame Ola? 


The Tampa Bay Bucs? You gotta 
be kidding! Why would anyone 
on this planet want to wear 
a jacket of those losers? 


AY w 
Publicatio 


4 


She's in the bedroom Ai) — 
with the electrician! AN e 
—, j 


No, by then you will have 
learned to live with it! 


Because | can wear it in 
any neighborhood in the 

city and no one will 
try to kill me for it! 


ns, Inc. 


31 


SURVEYS 


SNS eed 


This is a television inquiry! 
May | ask you what program 


I'm... l'm 
reading 


Er... ah... will my answer be 
strictly confidential? l'm =) 
embarrassed to tell you this... ee A 


we nee et 
= = 


Amy, you look Last night | got smashed, Again? Why do For 
_| awful! What dived off the bar, and you do it? fun! 
|r| happened then hurled my guts 
to you? all over the table! 
aa 


PARENTS NIGHT 


| want to welcome all of you to ` Is everybody L fru, 
Veda Lydon Elementary school! \ comfy? S 
È ) > — 


Od Ee Ff HRA 


Ree 


, } 


J 
s, Inc. 


THERAPY 


She doesn’t 


Dr. Forman, | have 
understand 


a real problem 
with my wife! 


Just the opposite! 
She understands 
me too well! F ai 


Z 
z 


| decided to stop sneaking around 
with Phil every afternoon while 
my husband was at work, so 

yesterday | broke off with him! 


No! | was missing all 
my soap operas! 


Why, was your 
husband 
getting 
suspicious? 


ra 


yo Ne 
=o 


CONSIDERATION 


| Why can't you be like other husbands... 


í , 
imap Copyright © 2006 by E 


THE OFFICE 
Andrew, is there any = — [ yup! | didn't li rom If r = ] 


AN, 


| reason you're not hard | K | || see you coming! 


É „3 | at work at this moment? | \ i] | | A. 
G ee ee ; 


APPRECIATION 


Benjamin, eat your dinner! ) 
Your mother sacrificed | 
herself over a hot stove | 

{ for hours to prepare it! j 


\ 


The least we can do is 
sacrifice ourselves 
and eat this stuff! 
beiak bah 


DOCTORS 


oo "a - [aa ee mm) 
| Kaputnik, I'm afraid you're Oh, my | You have a common cold! j 
| beyond any modern medical | | God! ee a 
| help! There's nothing — pe ‘ PA 


( | can do that will cure you! | y 


v á f we 


ain 
| {y | \\\ to- 
a0 i 5 BAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


o Lah 


“LatchKey Kids” are (for the 42. of you who still don't know) childrgn who are left home alone. No, not when 
their paren ff to Pa m, after sch i while their paren still at work! with 
\iterally millions Latchkey Kids © there, it’s not just 3 tren € — it \l-bl es! 

course, hing becomes an official lifestyle until it has its own magazine, here's a sample edition of... 


that gu 3 

fall for every ime!” pe: ’ ei | 
a ; i d ste | 

More Grea ds 0 £ % X \ 

Where Your Dad ys | 


if ý AFE N 
E D 
PN py SURA BA? 
j 2 Pn 


coin collecti ns, ordless | 
phones, Toaster ovens an 
10 other things You May =- 
Not Have ug \ 
„gyperime ing” | | 
jn the microwave | | 
t 
i \ 
; | 
| i 
(A N Y 
{F 


PRDC 
opyright 
ght © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc.1o* 


WRITER: 
ITER: MIKE SNIDER 


For the Latchkey Kid with unwanted chores to do, we present 
our monthly troubleshooting guide to selected household 
ji appliances and how to “fix” them (if you know what we mean)! 


SUCK-RITE Madel 12B Vacuum Cleaner 
PROBLEM: Vacuum Cleaner works. 
SOLUTION: After Removing the housing cover, 
unscrew the four Retainer Bolts exactly 3 1/2 
tums, replace the housing cover and tum vac- 
uum on...the vibrating motor will cause the 
Drive Belt to wiggle off by itseift 


LAWN BUTLER MULCH-O-MATIC 5H.P. MOWER —— 
PROBLEM: Mower engine runs fine. 

SOLUTION: Cut a 3" section out of the cable running 

from the Control Lever to the Engine through a small, 
undetectable slitin the cable insulation, thus making it 
impossible to engage the ignition switch ever! 


SPOTSMORE SERIES R DISH- 
WASHER (1987-1992 Madels) 


PROBLEM: Dishwasher is operating 
normally. 

SOLUTION: Locate the Master Fuse 
Box to your house, remove the fuse 
r to the dishwasher circuit, huri fuse 
[i | into next county! 


a 
1,0SCAR MAYER LUNCHABLES Agn as á 


AND FRUIT ROLL-UPS : 
Finally! A complete lunch and dessert that 
includes all four food groups: Sugars, n 
i 4 E Salts. Fats and Preservatives! 
2.911 OPERATORS te 


How come none of them ¢ ROUTES 


. A , 3. THE TW VIOLENCE BACKLASH 
What Latchkey Kids An Talking About This Month Oh, sure — watching Ren and Stimpy ALWAYS makes 
me wanna grab the TNT and fire up the family steamroller! 


s LARRY 


Larry Leechman was one of the original 
Latchkey Kids back in the 1960s! Today, 
he's 38 years old, a Ph.D. and still living at 
home! ~ 


Dear Larry, 
What can | say to my parents to make 
them change their minds and let my 
friends come over to play when they're 
nat home? 
Lon Lee 

Secaucus, NJ 
Dear Lon, 
Its not so much what you say, but how 
you say It! Next time, try this: Instead of 
saying you want to “play with your 
friends”...tell your folks you “need” to do 
some “peer-aroup bonding" and that It's 
essential to your “psycho-social develop- 
ment!” (Sure, | know It's just gobbledy- 
gook, but today's “New Age-y” parents 
eat up that crap with a spoon!) 


Dear Larry, 
My folks insist | only watch “education- 
al” IV programs. But, besides SESAME 
STREET and BARNEY THE DINOSAUR 
(Yeech!), there’s nothing on! 
Flip Stations 
Atlanta, GA 


Dear Flip, 

Nonsense! Almost everything on TV is 
educational, if you just “position” it to 
your parents the right wayl For example, 
take Ren & Stimpy, a show that teaches 
about the digestive system by the 
sounds that come out of the body! Or 
how about DOUBLE DARE? It’s practically 
a college-level course in Fluld Dynamics 
and Gravitational Physics! And then 
there's BEAVIS & BUTT-HEAD — you 
couldn't ask for a better “Stay In school, 
Just. say NO to drugs” mesengel 


Confidential to "Pizza Face”: 

You're absolutely right in being concerned 
that your dally “afterschool party mix” of 
Cheetos, M&M's, Ding-Dangs, Doritos, 
Milk Duds and the marshmallow pieces 
from Lucky Charms Isn't nutritionally bal- 
anced! You have to make a change! | rec- 
ommend the next time you whip up a 
batch. toss in a handful of Flintstones 
vitamins! Bon Appetit! 


Wir, 


non TTY THIS ATHO 


Actual readers accounts of their favorite hoaxes, pranks and practical jokes. 


IVE A 


put it around my own neck...and had a brilliant idea! First, | tied myself to a doorknob; set out a 
fresh bowl of Alpo; then started calling up producers for Hard Copy, A Current Affair, Inside 
Edition — all the big Tabloid TV shows! Sure enough, the next day my face was beamed coast to 
coast as ‘Dog Boy, the most mistreated kid in America’! Wow, were my parents embarrassed! (Even 
now, months after the original ‘gotcha,’ they still can’t go outside without being physically 
attacked by strangers!!)” 

—Billy Weblo, Chud, MO 


WE PAY $$$ FOR YOUR STORIES! 


$100 for POWERTOOL PRANKS — Humorous true anecdotes about workshop faux pas 


Involving bandsaws, routers, drills, biscuit joiners, and of course, nall guns! 


$75 for DRAMA AT THE DEADBOLT — orossly exaggerated or completely fictitious tales 
about “strangers at the door” designed to impress family and friends with your alleged 
“bravery.” 
37 | 
— =) 


$50 each for “All in a Day's Lounging Around" — “My Most Unforgettable Electrical 
fire"...and “Prank Phone Calls — the Best Medicine." 


i 

ky) | 

ME: i 
i 
| 


| 
| 
= = | 
“One afternoon, our dog Woof had slipped out of his Collar and Leash. Out of sheer boredom, | | 
| I 
| 
il 
Mi 


bee ee ee ee ee eee eee eee 


we BIG 
QUESTION 


We sent our roving questioner across the nation to knock on Latchkey Kids’ 
doors and find out the answer to THIS MONTH'S QUESTION: What do 
you say to strangers who come to the door when your folks aren’t home? 


|| 


Zz 


ce B., Salt lake City, UT 


Ben W., Burlington, VT 


y family’s upstairs 


Jaen 


taking a shower...together, 


You're just in 
time...we've shaved 
the goat but haven’t 

started the ritual yet. 


Instructor, just stepped 
out far more steroids! 


I hope you're from the 
cleaning service...1 can’t 
take much more of this 
coyote urine stench! 


Ri 


Sorry, my Dad, the Karate 


Henrietta P., 


Baton Rouge, LA 


"Jake the S." Jr., Tampa, FL 


LATCHKEY KID CLASSIFIED ADS 


FOR SALE 
4 Bdrm split-level house. First $85 (or Nolan 
Ryan Rookie Card) takes it! Call between 3 
PM. and 5:30 PM. ONLY! (If an adult 
answers, hang up!) Mike. 555-1940. 


SERVICES 
Former Career Burglar will stage phony 
break-in to cover up your own clumsy acci- 
dents. Broken windows a specialty. 
Complete police record available on 
request. Call Bruno, 1-800-EX-CON 


FOR RENT 
My parents’ bedroom, by the hour. Includes 
free use of their X-rated tapes and leather- 
wear! Must clean up afterward. “John Doe, 
Jr.” 555-8930 


PERSONALS 
TAKE ME HOSTAGE! 12-year old girl of 
affluent parents available immediately for 
phony kidnapping plot. Will split all ransom 
proceeds 50/50. No professionals. Call 
Tawana 555-4555. 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
Make up to $500 a week In your spare time 
after school, spying on neighbors and black- 
mailing them over what you find out! 
Cheating housewives...backyard marijuana 
growers...illegal Cable-box tappers...Building 
Code violators...and many, many more — All 
ready to pay you to keep quiet! Send $49.95 
now for training kit, binoculars and official 
“Junior Extortionist” L.D. Badge. Box 007, 
Disney, FL. 


SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


AIS) LOOK AT 
NOLEN SLADING 


ARTIST AND WRITER: SERGIO ARAGONES 


BP ie a alee 


É 


<m 
p9 A yI Aotea 
y s A 


B 


Phe I =, 


MED Copyright © 200 


6 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


bd de Aa 
006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I'm Margaret Cho 
and | also went 
from comedy clubs 
to a TV series! 


I'm Roseanne and 
I did stand-up 


| 
before I qot amt | , 
Í { | E 
zi 7 


l'm Bab Iger, President of the 
ABC television network, and if you 
too are a woman who tells jokes, 
contact us so we can get you 
your own series on our network! 
Because If you haven't figured 
it out, “ABC” now stands for 
“Another Babe Comic”! 


Have you gotten 
the picture, yet? 
Ellen Degeneres 

here — same story! 


A KICK IN THE BUTLER DEPT. 


Thanks for the newsflash, Bob! 
And although each year “babe 
comics” deserve the scrutiny of 
our jaundiced eye, today’s win- 
ner is the show that should be 
called “Single White Trash 
Female.” While the notion of 
stand-up comic Brett Butler 
starring as a single mom trying 
to raise three kids is an 
admirable onc, the plots and act 

ing on this show is so lackluster 
and pedestrian it’s clear to every- 
one who sees it that it’ssimply. . . 


ined 


WRITER: A.J. MARLEY 


ARTIST: ANGELO TORRES 


az WRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. | 


BAT 


l'm Gratel On this show. we 
depict men the way they really 
are — abusive, selfish and 
manipulative! And if the men 
on my writing staff don't portray 
them that way, I'll fire every one 
of them, because around here I'm the 


abusive, selfish and manipulative one! 


——, 


A Za 


“N 
y \\ 
f 


I'm San Quentin and since 
my mom kicked my dad out, 
mom calls me the “man of 
the house”! ‘Course, I'm 
not really the man of the 
house — and lucky for me, 
considering how mom 
feels about men! 


WZ f 


‘| had four hushands! 


I'm Naydeed, 


I'm Lippy and when 
| grow up | want to 
be just like my 
mama! And I've been 
practicing — making 
life miserable for 
every boy | know 
every chance | get! 


I'm Wave! | used to 
Crate’s best fly combat helicopter- 
friend, and missions over the dark, 
| hate it when hostile jungles of Viet 


people say | have a 


A problem relating to 


men! Heck — I've 


Nam! Now I'm Naydeed's 
fourth husband! Boy, do 
| miss the dark hostile 
jungles of Viet Nam! 


I'm Grate’s sister, Fate! 

Grate tells me she couldn't 

get by without my emotional 
support! Funny, | never 
considered unlimited free 
baby sitting and endless 

housecleaning help, 

| “emotional” support! 


I'm Grate’s ex-husband, 
Gimme! I'm a shiftless, 
irresponsible, woman- 
abusing, semi-unemployed 
alcoholic who Grate 
insisted be on the show so 
they'd have at teast one 
positive male role model! 


and Grate's platonic male 

friend! Like a lot of char- 

acters on this show, I'm in 

recovery! I'm trying to re- 

| cover from leaving a classic, 

hilarious series like SCTV 
and winding up here! 


Fak 


your sorry 
butt around? 
VA 


| 

| all-time 

| low for 

| you, Gimme! 

| Taking 
your kids’ 

| money! 


cold, But I'm always 
Naydeed — brutally, painfully 
insinuating honest with you 
I have | mean. we've been 
bad taste | friends since we 
in men! | were fourteen! 


I =! 
Jhon nar farce, 


EXIT 


NORN y 1 { | 


THO 


Which makes 


Mommy. | Hey, Considering you owe Exactly! l'm Gimme, you are 
mommy. | Gimme! | Gee, Grate — me two-and-a-half =| here to BEG 4 a self-centered, 
daddy's | What you act like years of back child you for money! inconsiderate, 
here! brings | came here support, | doubt you'd Please Grate — no-account bum! 
Daddy's to ask for ask me for money! | gotta have 
here! money! = : $200! 


aooo 


on my back! 


me wonder enough 


if my about me! 
taste in What's 
friends is your 
all that problem 
hot, too! du jour? 


Hey, don't butter 
me up — if you're 
not gunna gimme the 
$200, just say so! 


You entrees Hmm...Grate, 
Only because really? mean Yeah — the you ever 
| have to! | Do Gimme miserable wretch! think the big 
ain't gonna be you actually | |) He's the biggest loser problem here 
able to work have took I've ever known, and \f} might not 
next weekl I'm surgery Thanks the I've known and dated § be men so 
gonna be flat scheduled? kids! See kids’ losers of every type. much as your 


= | don't know... Your 
unstable marriage? 
Your inability to have 
a baby? Your lack of 
a career, or a 
direction in life? 


What 
makes 
you 
think 
| have a 
problem? 


\ 4 — 


tions, Inc. 


size and shape! 


taste in men? 


Wow! | have more 
problems than | 
thought! I'm 
going to have to 
schedule more 
problem-solving time 
with you, Grate! 


So tell me, Well, thanks Yeah. 0.J. Man, | hear 
Grate — nobody Probably because for the advice, but | || Simpson! if you got 
knows me better you're always at Grate! It must think my What are a problem, 
than you — you my house! Spend make you feel reputation || you doing this chick's 

and | do every- 20 minutes with good, the way youl for problem | the best! 
thing together! your husband once or solve every- solving may wwe 

Why can't | twice a week, you body's problems! be getting 

get pregnant? Tan : 


might be surprised! out of hand... 


Russet, I'm packing Yeah, look Last night | dreamed | was | The way my mind 
l 179 pounds again! The tied to the bedpost and a works, Russet. you 
need seems on a54 flesh-eating lady in a leather mask was [5s] could have dreamed 
your to frame! | don't bacteria just standing aver me with a about a nun saying 
pro- be need some think named me whip! You know about these fx] grace at Thanksgiving 
fessional the diet pills! you're “Buffet of ; things, Grate! Do you 2| and for me it would 
help! problem? overweight! | the Year"! think that dream had have deep sexual 


any sexual significance? overtones! 


= 


| don't Know, But | Oh, that's That's why we 
lately | feel Maybe you're going didn't! So typical But we never have to ask 
restless, through a “no-life” You were of men! Working seem to do any the boss for 
anxious, | crisis! You're a the one Blaming a at an oil work! We're a raise — 
bored...Maybe dull guy. Russet! who woman for refinery always in here. to distract 
I'm going Who has erotic said their deviant is dirty, eating lunch him fram 
through a mid- dreams about a nun that! sexual dangerous and shooting noticing 
life crisis! on Thanksgiving? wark! the breeze! 


B 


lg 


a he 
hi, A 


7 


=~ Fake ji E SA f TR cA \ & 
-JBUAID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publi 


Aside from 


your weight? | 

mean, the flesh 

| eating bacteria 
just declared =} 


you “Buffet 


of the Year"! 


did you 
forget 
you 
already 
did that 


[T] joke? | 


Demi Moore 
and Patrick 
Swayze in that 


Seriously 
Grate, 

think you'll 
ever get 

into another 

long-term, 

| exclusive 

| relationship? 


scene from Ghost! 


a 
Yeah... 
and it's 

| | getting 

< me...in 


No! I'm a ‘90s 
woman — | hold 
a job, raise my 
kids alone and 
have sex with 
whoever | want, 


Saying 
you 
repeated 
a joke 
A isa 
d compli- 


| ment? 


But that 
exposes you 
to a whole 
mess of nasty. 
sexually- 
transmitted 
diseases! 


No, calling 
anything 
| say 
around 
a here a 
joke 
isa 
| compliment! 


Next time we 


rr r N 


EN 
makes me | It helps | ——————— 1 go to the 
happy to || recharge|| A fertility doctor, 
see you || = my | urn, to get let's get 
working || batteries‘! you pregnant! him to check 
at your || A gypsy sold me your sperm 
pottery. the directions count and 
for only $500! |-| your IQ! 


Grate, did you 


get anything out 
of nine years 
of marriage to 
that slobbering | 
lush, Gimme? 


p Hey, 
I 
didn't 


say | 
was an 
intelligent 
‘90s 


woman! 


tough! So | don't 
| know.. 


what do ; 
you want to cruise 
do tonight? for 

- guys? 


Absolutely! | 

learned what 
selfish, shallow, 
abusive animals | 
men really are! | 


ad, s 
)/ 


Actually we 

= could, if we 
could just 

teach vibrators 


to take out 
| the garbage! 
| \ 4 


Do you realize a single 
woman has a better 
== chance of being struck 

by lightning than 
meeting a compatible 
man after 35? 


True! But after 7 a E This was a great |. And | hear 
| midnight on } — — Z ideal We haven't they have 


half-price drink |== been to the town ‘l a new comic 


= 
| night, her | Wa tonight who's 
chances go up really unusual! 


| considerably! = 


comedy club in 
a while! 


NEW TALENT 
NONI TONITE \ 


wt ..but how about that Rush Limbaugh? 
| hear he just apologized for the 

earhtquake in Japan! Apparently he 

caused it when he belched at a taco 
stand in Tokyo! So why do they 
call me the first lady when Bill 

has probably had two dozen 
ladies before mel 


(m 


[e —, 
MITA Avett 


E Jit J 3 
Hillary | Making a career move! Bill and | | Wow — what a country! S My name's 
Clinton! | figure we've got another | We're the only nation in ae if Connie Chung, 
What are year-and-a-half of employ- the world with a"trade mes ! and how 
you doing ment! By then | plan to deficit” and a ios a about Newt ff 
at a comedy have a stand-up act, which sitcoms starring- à Gingrich’s 


_ club? means a sitcom, 


standups” surplus! 
which means money! | 


\\ 
C. Publi 


ROCK & ROU: LO SEUPS 


the correct QUSWETS: 


| 


What Stone Temple Pilots would be doing The very last image on the bootleg video 


if Pearl Jam never existed vou shot at a Guns N Roses concert 
48 Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


Everyone knows that Holliwood is a dog eat dog world, 
and no where is this more evident than when studios 
rush to release their big summer blockbusters hoping 
to make zillions of dollars. To find out what Disney's 
“Pocahontas” hopes to become, fold page in as shown. 


A> FOLD THIS SECTION OVER LEFT 4B FOLD BACK SO “A" MEETS “B" 


LY DRIVEN BY DESIRE TO TOP ITSELF. STUDIO 
BUSINESSMEN PUSH TO PACK EACH AND EVERY THEATER 
A> 


4B 
EXAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


HOW TO ORDER: BOOY CAVITY CHECK ORDER FORM 


"Sony, Body Caviy Che Ansen Vou AM CEAR) 
(Sorry, Body Cavity Checks NOT accepted.) I Reach You At After Midnight £ e l 
2. Enclose a signey blank check frorn your current check supply. 
3, To insure prompt processing, enclose all. your other signed I Check Design RE a Calitamia Residents Add 825% Sales Tax l 
blank checks and savings account withdrawal slips tool Start No J 3 |] 
4. Fill Out coupon and send to: lL Tina Sai WA Be D2) Non-Calilornis Residents Move ' 
10 California, Pay 8.25% Sales Taxes 
Body Cavity Checks I SINGLE CHECKS l 
87-83 Bounce Bivd. I c mou aoaaa sas is oa 
Taan ENE eea C 4 DOMES (108 cherta) 8,95 po stent (mre SASS percre, | Amni Ano wamoino nocar | 
ity, 4 BOXES (108 checks) $6.95 per check (reorders $8.95 per check) | Pinning And Mangling No Charget J 
ene ney al 
NOTE: Allow 2.3 weeks for delivery. If you receive nothing allow 2-3 more I Rush Deliv Not Available l 
weaks Kaan allowing 2-3 weeks for 8-12 weeks If you rearive nothing I Save $3.00 Postage on 4 Box Order - n z l 
allow 8-12 more weeks. Keep allowing 8-12 weeks for 32-48 weeks, If For security reasons incomplete orders cannot be processed Tota! D 
you receive nothing please send us a second payment to insure prompt | Complete orders can only be processed incompletely. eee I 
Service. Allow 2-3 weeks for delivery. J 


HiGHWay WRECKS 


JUST BUTTS GRIEVING Wipows 


0192 18 


ge 
Z 


eg 
Fake ik 


re 
Di 
r you 


OR ae ee, 


HANS BRICKFACE = 
2 Pent is ~ 
meee N y 
AR 
fj 
mai’ 


Cx. N. a 
frie AN aA 


MABELDUCK ~e x SISTER MARJA CRUOCIFIX 
3 Picky PLACE A = 10 Picky Ph 3 
Ayfa Na z pun Starex bap, 
Pay to the” ae ef AO Pay to the € To 
Ordet — Sas: Te one Y ae > B. 
S RETIDO ry pe ne : 3 m 
2 SSH he 
——F > ES 
Pek els 
e [totog 


MEETS INTERNATIONAL 
BANKING REQUIREMENTS 


B ODY CAVITY CHECKS are guaran- 
VINNY CRAPAZANO Gas aw teed to be accepted exclusively at the 
ola een -s 3 n world ’s most prestigious financial 
i institutions, including The Bank of 
Addis Ababa, The First National 
+ Bank of the Former Soviet Union, 
me ME a aa st Citibank Guam and at Bernie 
Greiey Liebe N off pe Sagandy’s House O’ Money. 


INFECTED PICRCINGS 


AD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


