THE SAME 
HUNGER] GAMES) 2 HBO/SIGIRI ۰۷ 


IN THIS ISSUE: 


(«E60 


(50МЕ ASSEMBLY REQUIRED) ы 
| 


Based on the award-winning D з comic books. 
Ar 


FROM THE MAKERS OF 2012 GAME OF THE YEAR 
| THE WALKING DEAD 


AVAILABLE NOW! WWW.THEWOLFAMONGUS.COM 


КИТУ, 6ہ‎ p | 
KA VERTIGO © ЕМ ₪000 о BL “ጋ ж 


bole games 


Telltale, Inc. Telltale, Telltale Games and the Telltale Games logo are trademarks of Telltale, Inc. All Rights Reserved. “PlayStation” and the "PS" Family logo are registered trademarks апа"! ДБ and the PlayStation Network logo‏ ا 
е trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox LIVE, and the Xbox logos are trademarks ol of the Microsoft group of companies and are used under license from Microsol‏ 


© Bill Wilingham and DC Comics FABLES: ™ Bill Wilingham 
Ww WBIE LOGO, WB SHIELD: ™& © Warmer Bros. Entertainment Inc. 
(st3) 


Whoever 
said time heals 
all wounds was 
probably never 
beheaded! 


NUMBER 526 


Departments “== 


ፎ> 


ፎም 


IT'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT VSB 
The MAD Table of Contents 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


4, MORE THAN ONE WAY TO SKIN ል KATNISS DEPARTMENT 
"The Hunger Pains: Getting Tired" 
(A MAD Movie Satire) 


21 ROTIEN TO THE ENCORE DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Vault 


24 JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 
Spy vs. Spy 


2G LIGHTS, CAMERA, ACTION FIGURE DEPARTMENT 
Why the LEGO Man Was Made for Hollywood 


2 IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPARTMENT 


30 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Gravity 


32 THE APES OF MATH DEPARTMENT 
When Primates Learn Calculus 


34, ^ PORTION CLINIC DEPARTMENT 
МАР” Guide to Proper All-You-Can-Eat 
Buffet Etiquette 

3G HAVING A BAD RAY DEPARTMENT 
Warning Signs of a Crappy Tanning Salon 


READING DISORDERS DEPARTMENT 
Books for the Growing U.S. Obese Community 


ДЗ DUMB ASSEMBLY REQUIRED DEPARTMENT 
Tips and Cheats for Obscure 
LEGO Video Games 


47 PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Strip Club 


51 GUISE AND DOLLS DEPARTMENT 
American Girls (A MAD Catalog Parody) 


56 OUR DAILY DREAD DEPARTMENT 
The Best of the Idiotical Ж 


ALL JAFFEE DEPARTMENT v 
Another Ridiculous Fold-In 
...Inside Back Cover 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 
“Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 
..Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published bimonthly by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
6 copyright 2014 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, Р.О. Box 8537 Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A 


PRESENTS OF MIND 


I have been collecting issues of MAD for approximately 
three years now, trying to get every single issue as soon 
as I can. I have tried to get all of the hundreds of issues 
there are. I have even gotten a few vintage issues, dating 
back to the 1950s. But that is not the point. This is about 
Christmas. I opened the last present under the tree, 
noticing it was heavier than usual. When I opened it, it 
had two one-pound "bricks" wrapped in tissue paper. I 
took the tissue paper off, to find that these "bricks" were 
stacks of MAD magazines. There were an astounding 22 
issues, including 3 super specials. Now I know the true 
meaning of Christmas — MAD. 


Declan Vasil - LaGrange Park, IL 


Seaworthy Vasil — First off, you immediately lost credibility when 
you referred to our issues as "astounding." That's just crazy talk. 
However, the packaging of those issues was no coincidence! What 
most people don't realize is that a bundle of MAD magazines is 
actually much cheaper than the cost of a real brick! As a result, 
"bricks" of back issues (referred to in the industry as "brack is- 
sues") are often used for low-budget construction jobs. If you've 
ever been in a Pizza Hut, chances are it's constructed entirely out 
of MADs! With your recent haul, we'd say you're about 10 Christ- 
mases away from having all the raw materials you'll need to make 
your own cut-rate outdoor barbeque pit! Happy grilling! —Ed. 


THE QUOTABLE MAD, PART 2 


Not to be outdone by that upstart John Goodman, in a recent 
interview with Paste, Jason Rekulak (the publisher of Quirk 
Books, which put out Pride and Prejudice and Zombies) shared 
his own tale of finding success, despite being 
influenced by MAD. 


"| was a huge collector of MAD magazine 
when ۱ was a kid. ۱ would go to flea mar- 
kets and buy old ones from the sixties just 
to complete my collection...l was reading 
about The Godfather in MAD magazine 
before ۱ actually watched it." 


NO NUDES IS GOOD NEWS 


You are the best magazine in the world. There is a used- 
book store in my town with old MAD magazines and every 
day I ask my parents to take me there. I am one of those 
11-year-olds that read MAD. It is sometimes not appropri- 
ate and my mom won't let me buy them. So please start 
making them more like the old ones. You can still talk about 
awesome stuff, but you should cool it on the naked people. 


Reid Kerr • Corvallis, OR 


Reid is Fundamental — While we're flattered by your errone- 

ous ranking of MAD as the world's best magazine, we're a little 
confused by your request that we "cool it on the naked people." 
Despite our copious references to farts, boogers, urination and 
sheep balls, we like to think of ourselves as a family publication 
— and aside from the occasional bare butt or exposed ankle, 
there's really not much skin in MAD. Even so, we like to keep our 
readers happy — so just to be safe, beginning in the next issue, all 
characters appearing in the magazine will be wearing a figure-ob- 
scuring combination of Snuggies, hip-waders and oversized straw 
hats. While this may not make for the sexiest magazine out there, 
we're looking forward to a huge surge in sales at used bookstores 
in Corvallis, Oregon! —Ed. 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


DUMB AND NUMBER 


I have faithfully subscribed for over 35 years, so evidence of my 
brain damage needs no explanation. But here I am, holding my 20 
Dumbest issue, #525, and my yearly question arises again. Is #1, as 
you read the 20, really #1, or is #1 really the start of the list? (Which 
would make #20 the #1 dumbest person, event or thing.) I hope you 
explain the order priority in next year's issue. 


John Mockus ፥ Worcester, MA 


Mockus Welby, M.D. — We're sorry that we've made things so confusing 

for you. While we're already making plans to explain the order in the next 
MAD 20 — five pages of easy-to-read charts and graphs we're calling "The 
Mockus Pages" — we realize that you're still in the dark about the most 
recent MAD 20. So get out your whiteboard, because here's the answer 
you've been seeking: Number one is number sixteen, number four is number 
six, numbers eight through eleven are numbers seventeen through twenty, 
thirteen and fourteen are numbers fourteen and thirteen, numbers two and 
three are numbers seven and five, and numbers fifteen and twelve are, 
obviously, numbers fifteen and twelve. Hope that clears things up! —Ed. 


THE QUOTABLE MAD 


Recently, American Cinematheque paid tribute to John Goodman and his 
career. The Hollywood Reporter covered the Q&A session that was part 
of the celebration, where Goodman talked about his relationship with the 
Coen brothers...and their relationship with MAD. 


He played mostly small parts on the big screen during his first few 
years in the business — including a head football coach in Revenge 
of the Nerds (7984) — until he got a call to meet with the Coen broth- 
ers about Raising Arizona (1987), which he described as "the great- 
est audition / ever had, because it keeps paying off!" The trio hit 
it off immediately, he says, perhaps because they are "three mid- 
western wiseguys, MAD magazine readers, backsassers, guys who 
used to sit in the back of the room — except that Ethan's a genius, 
and so is Joel and I'm not." 


еді, 


جو لا مع جج عو 
שרשי כ 


Тө е 


THE HEART OF THE ۶۳۴ 


I propose to you a question, which I have no doubt will 

be answered in a way that makes you, me or both of us 
look stupid. I recently suffered a heartbreak and I have 
been down ever since, which is where you jerks should be 
helping. She has no clue I like her — what should I do? No 
doubt your answer will have no value to help me, but my 
uncle says that he met his wife in your magazine (he hasn't 
been the same since she died!) so I figure it can only hurt 
me so much as to snuff out the last of my spirits. My heart 
is in your hands. Your move. 


Josh Bouza * Stallings, NC 


Sore Bouza — What should you do? We'll tell you what you should 
do, you freakin' potato! Instead of sharing your romantic yearn- 
ings with a humor magazine (that's only going to mock you with 
some random, tuber-based insult), you should tell the girl that you 
like! Geez — we know our readers aren't the sharpest tools in 
the ocean — but come on! What's the worst she's gonna do? Say 
no? Laugh at you? Punch you in the face, then roll you down a hill 
into an open septic tank? Don't worry about it! All three of those 
things happened to Editor Dave Croatto when he asked a girl to 
the prom — and he turned out fine-ish! —Ed. 


PRAISE OF OUR LIVES 


Einstein, pah! Da Vinci, pah! Edison, pah! When it comes 
to comedic and artistic genius, "the usual gang of idiots" 
is where excellence lives. Yes, I said genius. MAD maga- 
zine has a gift for putting our everyday cultural and so- 
cial stresses in perspective. By now all this praise should 
have swollen your collective heads to twice their 

normal size. You should then produce twice the qual- 

ity we have come to expect. Now stop gloating and get 
crackin'. 


Ron Barletta - North Plainfield, NJ 


Barletta Me Outta Here — You're right — your effusive praise 
made our "collective heads" swell like a freshly hammered 
thumb! It's not often that we're compared to comedic geniuses 
such as Albert Einstein, Leonardo Da Vinci and Thomas Edison! 
After all, who could forget Einstein's hilarious theory of Brown- 
ian motion, with its side-splitting description of molecular fluc- 
tuation in pollen particles? Or Da Vinci's uproarious anatomical 
drawings of the human vascular system? And is there anything 
funnier than Edison's two-way telegraph patent application? 
The answer, of course, is "no" — coincidentally, the same 
answer to your request that we "produce twice the quality we 
have come to expect." Because as your buddy Einstein well 
knew, two times zero is still zero! —Ed. 


THE TOOTH HURTS 


As you may or may not recall, 

I was a member of the MAD 
editorial staff in the mid-'90s. 

I always feared that if I stayed too 
long, the idiocy of Alfred E. 
Neuman would permanently 
infect me and my family, so I 
eventually left for Los Angeles. 
Alas, as my eight-year-old daugh- 
ter Molly shows with her latest 
lost tooth, I left too late. 


David Shayne - Los Angeles, СА 


PS. Just remembered a sandwich 
Ileft in my desk. Bottom drawer, 
under some folders. If someone 
could send it to me... 


Low Down Dirty Shayne — We have 
to confess, your name rang no bells 
whatsoever. However, we looked through some back issues (we happened to 
be in a Pizza Hut) and, sure enough, your story checks out! The good news 

is that your daughter will outgrow that gap. On the other hand, she'll never 
outgrow the shame of having a former MAD employee as a father...so it's a 
mixed bag. —Ed. 


P.S. We'd follow up on the sandwich — but we loooooong ago ceded that 
desk drawer to the feral cats that roam the office! 


WIPE FOR PARODY 


Iam a big fan of your magazine and TV show. Everything I know 
about MAD went into the making of this letter. I hope it is horrible 
enough to get printed into the magazine. I have two questions for 
the editors (or interns) to answer. One, what is the secret to selling 
people expensive (and horribly useless) toilet 

paper? Two, do you burn or shred unprinted let- ያ { 
ters? Please at least answer the second question. 


Brian Rice ٠ Copenhagen, NY 


Of Rice and Men — first, let us congratulate you on 
pouring your encyclopedic knowledge of MAD into a 
six-sentence-long letter that was indeed horrible enough to get printed in the 
magazine! You'll be the pride of Copenhagen! Now, on to your probing, James 
Lipton-esque questions: we can't answer the first, because — you guessed it 
— it's a secret! As to your second question: our unprinted letters get tossed 
into a recycling bin. If this seems kind of unexciting, consider this: all of our 
printed letters from people named Brian Rice are used as...well, not to give 
too much away, but if you reread your first question, you'll probably figure it 
out. Congratulations on having your letter printed! —Ed. 


፤ 
| 
| 
і 


STRIP 
TEASING 


Several eagle-eyed read- 
ers let us know that MAD 
and Sergio  Aragones 
were mentioned in the 
December 16 installment 
of "Baldo." We appreciate 
the nod — yet we can't 
help but hope that some- 
дау, we'll get the approval 
from Ziggy that we so 
desperately crave. 


HA! THIS SERGIO 
ARTIST ROCKS! 


DUMB AND NUMBER, PT. 2 


You are a good magazine. That is true. But sometimes, you 
do things that are absolutely idiotic. For instance, in issue 
#524, on page eight, in the lower left-hand corner, you 
made all the numbers blue except for the “five.” How could 
you do this? Now that is the only thing I can think about. So 
thanks, MAD, thanks for TAKING CONTROL OF MY LIFE! 


Sophie Feng. New York, NY 


A Feng and a Prayer — As soon as we read your letter, we 
rushed to our copies of #524, and sure enough, there was а 
mistake in the coloring of the numbers on the lower left-hand 
corner of page eight. Unsurprisingly, this drove Executive Editor 
John Ficarra into a seething, uncontrollable rage — although 
he wears the same stained sweatpants to work each day, 

he's a stickler for detail — and he stormed down the hall and 
summarily fired Associate Art Director Ryan Flanders. With 

the shame of the "blue-black affair" hanging over his head, 
Flanders has had no luck in finding a new job — and we hear 
it's only a matter of time until he's forced to start selling vital 
organs to feed his family. Sure, it sounds tragic — but with mis- 
takes like the one you helpfully pointed out, it's exactly what 
he deserves. So thanks, Sophie, thanks for TAKING CONTROL OF 
FLANDERS’ LIFE! —Ed. 


WILL THE CIRCLE BE 
MISSPOKEN 


When I would read MAD magazine as a kid, my mother 
would say, "Fey - why are you reading this trash?" Little 
did she know I would come across your magazine and 40 
years later get a subscription to your fantastic magazine 
and enjoy it as much as I did when I was a kid. Now it 
comes full circle - I am giving my nephew a gift subscrip- 
tion so his mother (my sister) can say, "Fey - why are you 
reading this trash?" 


Adrienne Royden • New Hope, PA 


Avoid the Royden — We're always happy to hear stories of 
MAD bringing families together, bridging generational gaps and 
joining the past with the present. Aside from avoiding real jobs 
and taking frequent pastry breaks, uniting people is our driv- 
ing passion. But the warm feeling in our hearts was lessened 

by confusion over your family's odd use of the word "Fey." Is 
"Fey" a pet name? Who is this "Fey" person? Was your mother 
referring to the then-three-year-old Tina Fey in an act of Royden 
family clairvoyance? Are you a pseudonymous Tina Fey? Please 
explain this in your next letter — which, for our sake, we hope 
won't arrive until 2054. —Ed. 


LIKE MAD ON FACEBOOK! 


We're on Facebook! You should go there and "Like" us. Go on... 
it'll make you feel good about the Internet! 


facebook 


madmagazine.com 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


TAKE THIS JOB AND SHOVEL Т: 


Just thought you might want to 

know that I found a copy of the 1983 
"Tootsie" MAD inside a time capsule 
that was buried by the members of a 
conference held by a bunch of famous 
designers and thinkers in Aspen back 
in 1983. Among the items found was 
the actual computer mouse used by 
Steve Jobs during his conference 
speech. Why this copy of MAD was 
included in there with all the fine art, 
aged wine and state of the art com- 
puter gear is of course baffling. It was 
found in the tube very near some lady's 
pink lace panties, so I'll let you draw the conclusions as you see fit. 
Even though my subscription ran out years ago, I still love you, so I 
guess that means I'm still an idiot. 


Tim "Ringy" Saylor - Co-host of Diggers, National Geographic Channel 


Saylor Moon — That's quite a find! And as for how MAD wound up in that time 
capsule along with a pair of panties and Steve Jobs' mouse from his speech, we 
think we know why. All we can say is that Jobs' presentation went VERY well 
that day...and he had a very specific, and very erotic way of celebrating. —Ed. 


The Diggers crew, about to make a terrible discovery 


GAME OF DRONES 


Recently I heard on the news that the largest online retailer will be 
using drones to deliver their junk. Rumor has it that MAD, too, will 
be using a drone to deliver their magazine. Is this true? Will we be 
safe to go outside? 


Dion Viglione - Alberta, Canada 


Neon Dion — You know what they say about rumors — if they're drone-based, 
you just can't trust them! Unfortunately, it seems very unlikely that MAD will 
ever be delivered by drone. Apparently, any flying apparatus carrying MAD 
would automatically be classified by the Air Force as "enemy aircraft" and 
shot down on sight. So, if you see the scorched remains of "Planet Tad" in the 
middle of the street, you'll know exactly what went down. That said, it should 
be safe to go outside — but you should probably keep your eyes skyward and 
stay close to shelter, just in case. Happy strollin'! —Ed. 


All MAD 
print subscribers 
now get a 


to MAD for 
their iPad! 


0ھ 


Each limited 
edition print 
is 11” X14” 
and bears a 


marking. 


Each is 
and 
(it’s entirely up 


to you though — 
no pressure!) 


Letters and 4%, REGRETTING THE PICTURE 
а 4 f ur Ihave been thinking of writing to you for a long time. I am 


94 so I decided it's now or never. You have a great artist in 
ا‎ John Caldwell — his work is so distinctive — faces, skinny 
OANA liy arms and legs and necks (not John — his cartoons). I can't 
A send a picture of myself holding a MAD magazine because 


CLASSROOM DISMISSED 7 У> e» my Polaroid Spectra camera no longer has film available. 


Iam an 8th grade history 
teacher in the Los Angeles 
Unified School District. 
Enclosed is a picture of a 
poster that has been on 
the door to my classroom 
for the past 10 years. I 
think a "No Moron Zone" 
concept would be a natural 
for your magazine. In fact, 
if every classroom in the 
U.S. had such a poster on 
the door, it would probably 


Tomatoes کی‎ 


Шү 


Iam a longtime subscriber, anxiously awaiting the next 
issue. A real little old lady, four-foot-eight. 


Wilma Fontes * Pico Rivera, CA 


Triumph of the Wilma — No need to apologize for your lack of Po- 
laroid film; your letter allows us to take our own mental snapshot: 
a tiny, white-haired woman reclines on a floral couch as the warm 
Pico Rivera sun filters through her parlor window. She's reading 
MAD #526 in a state of high excitement: not only has her letter 
been printed (netting her, among other goodies, Nerf: The Ultimate 
Blaster Book, which she was planning on buying anyway), but the 
issue features an article by her beloved John Caldwell. She places 
the magazine on her lap and stares blissfully into the middle 
distance: this is, she muses, the greatest moment in all 
help solve the crisis in edu- her 94 years. Her reverie soon fades, however, when 
cation in this country! she realizes that, if this is the case, then she has led the 


Peter Connolly • S. Pasadena, CA | dullest life imagin- 


able. Sorry to be | 2 
Pros and Connolly — We have just one question — why would you post a the bearers of bad 00 | Б % mid ےج‎ 
sign that prevents you from entering your own classroom? —Ed. news, Wilma! —Ed. = - 5 Ар % ; 08 


READER ALERT 1 ow 10 BUILD A 7 
i HOW TO BUN- መሚ 


You had your letter printed in this issue? Sure, you may be shunned by society HOVERCR АҒ 
for your association with MAD, but on the upside, you'll get some awesome free 

stuff! This issue's letter-writers will be getting How to Build a Hovercraft, from our 
friends at Chronicle Books; Pointing Fingers, from our pals at Hasbro Inc; NERF: 
The Ultimate Blaster Book by Nathaniel Marunas, from our amigos at Pow!; a Blu- 
ray/DVD combo set of Bad Grandpa from our chums at Paramount Home Media 
Distribution; and a copy of Justice League: War from our compadres at Warner Bros. 
. Home Entertainment! What are you waiting for? Stop reading this and start writing! 


шылы | 


William Gaines Founder | ADMINISTRATION - . ә | ወመ ta 
John Ficarra VP & Executive Editor ו 0 0 اا ا‎ i di ۰۳ہ‎ your address, give a gift subscription, check your account 

Dan DiDio and Jim Lee Co-Publishers ₪ Е ር ርር balance and expiration dates or to request a missing issue. 
EDITORIAL Geoff Johns Chief Creative Officer ob Harras Senior VP — Editor-in-Chief, Just go to www.madmagazine.com or call 1-00-46 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Edit John Rood Executive VP — Sales, DC Comics (U.S. and Canada only) or write to P.O. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 

аге кадаи, ое 81018 senior Editors 1 | : Jason James VP - Interactive Marketing 75755-8537! Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail 
Dave Croatto Editor Marketing & Business Development к 
: : Amy Genkins Senior VP — Business & Hank Kanalz Senior VP — Vertigo & our New York office — we're too dumb to help you here! 
Jacob Lambert Associate Editor Legal Affairs Integrated Publishing HOW TO REACH US: MAD, Dept. 526, 1700 Broadway, New 
em : 3 Jay Kogan VP - Business and Legal Affairs, York, NY, 10019. Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com! 
ART DEPARTMENT Nairi Gardiner ات‎ vh y Finance Pul lishing 9 All letters to the editor and accompanying photos or other 
Sam Viviano Art Director Jeff Boison VP — Publishing Planning jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs, Talent materials may be edited and published in any MAD publication 
Ryan Flanders Associate Art Director = m T Ж tri мек Napolitano VP — Manufacturing E gn eee ace ИЕ 
; ; erri Cunningham VP — Editorial Administration T Я 
Doug Thomson Assistant Art Director Administration Sue Pohia VP — Book Sales be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
Lana Limón Production Artist Anne DePies VP — Strategy Planning & پا‎ Е "m accompanied by а self-addressed, stamped envelope! 
1 Courtney Simmons Senior VP - Publicity ዝ bmissions! 
ibuti А . Reporting MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 

Contri uting Artists And Writers Amit Desai Senior VP — Franchise Bob Wayne Senior VP — Sales Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 
The Usual Gang of Idiots Management VISIT US ONLINE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


N 


| From the Editors of the New York Times Bestseller Totally MAD я 
| —— f 


p 


D 


32 D INC a 


From the edito 
rs 
of the %1 New York 
Times bestseller 
Totally MAD 


| 


Featuring pithy commentaries by: 
Roseanne Barr 
Ken Burns 
Paul Feig 
Whoopi Goldberg 


Tony Hawk 
Ice-T መ 


Penn Jillette v 
George Lopez 

David Lynch 

And many more! 


IV SECHBZSPAU 
aA . -. . 


Absolutely everyone should buy this book. 
No exceptions will be tolerated! 


 1‹እ ב; | ما‎ ткт САТРСАТТС 


ig 


Die 


books are sold. 
Order your copy today! 


j 


3 


INSIDE: ALL NEW FOLD-OUT POSTER! 
A specially commissioned look at the legendary 
MAD offices by Sergio Aragones! 


IT'S BASS ACK 
w | 
As opposed to other books, which first come EROS 


editions before going softcover, how co 
throw- 


aways and then come out ኋ 


n expensive hardcover 
me comic books start out as cheap 
gain in high-priced hardcovers? 


— ב‎ Р 


ZOO SIGNS WE'D LOVE TO SEE 


1 


aR 


— 
—— 


Writer: Stan Sinberg 


THE VIEWS EXPRESSED 
BY THE PARROTS 


= DO NOT NECESSARILY 


Poin 
552) REPRESENT THOSE OF 


GO ኙን 200 MANAGEMENT 
جا‎ 


220 


Do 


MÀ‏ سس سس 
TOYOTA 1686٤1‏ 
WAS NAMED AFTER‏ 
THESE MAJESTIC‏ 
HAWKS, NOT THE‏ 
OTHER WAY AROUND‏ 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artist: Jack Pittman 


Immortalized 
« outside Grauman's 
« Chinese Theater 
% 
ጓ 


% The Oscar- 
V winning biopic 4 


Plastic surgery rumors 


that just wouldn't die The embarrassing 4 


sexting selfie 


Writer: Jay Rath Artist: Chris Houghton 9 


THe ۱۱٢ 5 


Oy Vey! 


Other, More Politically- 
Correct NFL Team Names 


Ci, ч. 


The New York The New England Prideful 

People Afflicted with Citizens Who Are In No Way 

Pituitary Gland Trying to Impose Their Way 
Disorders of Life on Others 


The Tampa Bay Nautical Engineers Who Have 
Allegedly Taken Part in Business Transactions 
of a Morally Questionable Nature, Though This 
Claim Has Yet to Be Proven in a Court of Law 


The New Orleans 
Non-Denominational 
Do-Gooders 


The Oakland Sufferers of 
the Serious and Debilitating 
Disease of Kleptomania 


Writer: Will Presti 


Becomes a 
X youthful sensation in 7 
\ vampire movies , 


LOS ANGELES 
COUNTY JAIL 


30024-9319 


Drunk-driving arrest and 
subsequent scandal 


“CAN | CALL You BACK? 
MY SoAP IS DRIFTING DANGEROUSLY 
CLOSE TO MY BOAT," 


Writer and Artist: P.C. Vey 


IT’S BASS ACKWARDS! 


ici few chords in front of 
hy do musicians who play a c 
2: idolatrous fans needa ا اہ‎ ы A 
40 minutes, while farm workers doing back- rea Pe 
maybe get one 15-minute break in an eight-hour shitt: 


Writer: Stan Sinberg 


| 
| 
| 
| 
\ 


The Fast 5 


POTENTIAL CONSEQUENCES OF 
A LONG-TERM GOVERNMENT 
SHUTDOWN 


1 Tea Party members will have to pave 
their own roads before driving to 
anti-government rallies 


2 Federal prisons, which never shut 
down, will be crammed with idiots 
who didn't realize that the IRS, 
likewise, never shuts down 


3 Your grandparents will 
add "not receiving 
their Social Security 
checks" to their endless 
list of complaints 


4 Politicians will have to 
promise something other 
than cushy federal jobs to 
their cronies and mistresses 


5 Corporate lobbyists will save a bundle \ 
in bribe money, and then lose it all 
by placing it in unregulated banks and 
an unrestrained, go-crazy stock market 


Writer: Barry Liebmann 
Artist: Anton Emdin 


SURPRISINGLY MUNDANE SIDE-MISSIONS FROM GTA V 


Make it to the 
McDonald's drive-thru 
before they stop 
serving breakfast 


Parallel park ona 


hill while holding 
a cup of coffee 


Buy gas, turning 
off the pump 
exactly when the 
meter hits $30.00 


Pick your nose at 
a red light without 


being seen 


Reluctantly lead a Pick up 
ragtag crew of lovable 
misfits to win the little 


league championship 


Grandma's 


Santos trying to find a 
freakin' parking spot 


Artist: Justin Peterson 


Spend 45 minutes 
circling the same block 
in downtown Los 


Fill your health 
meter by successfully 
logging onto the 
Obamacare website 


Properly install 
an infant car seat 


Wait in line 


Drop a friend 
off at the airport 
during rush hour 


Return a DVD to 
Redbox before 
incurring any late fees 


Successfully 
complete a nine- 
day juice cleanse 


all morning to 
buy a Cronut 


Writer: Kenny Keil 


THE ORIOLES 
LOST THEIR SPRING 
TRAINING OPENER, 
CAUSING THE VOW 

TO PLUNGE... ,, 


V ALZA. 


| 


| ү” 
2162151 012 1۱۹ 


The fluctuations of the stock 
market which, if it were a person, 
we'd refer to as a wimpy, һурег- 

sensitive little drama queen. 


In case we haven't mentioned it 
in the last few decades, we don't 
especially care for Donald Trump. 


IT’S BASS | 
ACHWARDS! 


How come gazillionaire celebrities 
get "comped" everything and 
receive freebie gift bags while 

working shlubs have to Pay through 

the nose for the same stuff? 
Writer: Stan Sinberg 


THE WORST THINGS ABOUT CAPITALISM 


ure % 


NE 


Pseudo-intellectuals who extol the 
works of Ayn Rand, even though it's 
not humanly possible to read any 
of her books all the way through. 


People who claim that our economic 
system is the best in the world, which 
is like arguing that Michael was the 
most ethical of the Corleone Family. 


The fact that corporations are 
people, yet don't have to pay 
for their crimes in the same way. 
Or, for that matter, in any way. 


The decision to put Alexander 
Hamilton on the $10 bill. Wouldn't 
it make more sense to honor the 
guy who actually won the duel? 


Writer: Jeff Kruse Artist: Ward Sutton 


If a task seems too difficult, don't even bother trying. Remember, if you 
don't try, you can't fail! 


Mavericks know that rules are made to be broken! The next time you 
come to a red light, see it as green. 


Always remember that one person, along with the cooperation of millions 
of others and a boatload of cash, can make a difference. 


Transformational modalities enumerate reintegrative paradigms, as far 
as anyone knows, so give them a try. 


It's been said that a man's riches are defined by his happiness, 
not his money. Ignore this. Riches are defined by money. 


Many business leaders look to the Bible for inspiration, 

and you should too. I recommend one of the many Old 
Testament verses where God annihilates thousands of people 
because they disobeyed. 


Only allow positive thoughts to enter your mind. To accomplish this, 
ask your doctor which antidepressant is right for you. 


Ignore naysayers, who only want to drag you down, as well as yes-men who 
only want to ride your coattails. In fact, when you get right down ጨል 
to it, you can pretty much ignore people altogether. ^ 


Writer: 
Jeff Kruse 


The Wi-Fi sucks here. 


T 


Careful, the NSA 
is reading this! 


1 have trouble 
expressing 
my feelings. 


Candy Crush is 
ruining my life! 


ج 


۵ 


Hey, could you 
delete those photos 
| sent you? I'm 
running for mayor. 


За 


| just took a picture 
of Alec Baldwin! 


Oops, dropped 
my phone. 


Writer: Kenny Keil 
Artist: John Martz 


Writer and Artist: Garth Gerhart 


THe FUnDaLini PAGES 


Celebrity Cause-of-Death Betting Odds 2 DS! 
کک‎ ACKWAR 
CHRIS MATTHEWS Ims BA ری‎ eee eit 


many Americans convin 
Mur Н yet when it comes to 


is completely inept at everything, 


e Chokes on own drool while praising President Obama.......................... Ti ac ng elaborate conspiracies involving Hee id 
: ich i ion 
e Devastating kick in the nuts from Ted Cruz...................... sess 6:1 people to cover up that ineptness, which is a m! ү 
harder, suddenly it's a bunch of masterminds: 
e Self-Righteous Indignation 1101000۶ 12:1 


Writer: Stan Sinberg 


Clark Can’t 


* Depression caused by having 1/10th the viewers of Greta Van Susteren....14:1 


* Broken heart when favorite whipping girl 
Michele Bachmann leaves Congress................ 1 


* Crushed to death in audience stampede 
at Ted Nugent NRA Benefit Concert 


“| don't know. Maybe rub spinach on it?" 


Writer and Artist: Todd Clark 


Artist: Rick Tulka 


For your information, 
Bluto, this is an e-cigarette! 
There are no carcinogens, 
no ash, no odor and no law 
that prevents me from using 
it in public. So why don't 
you take your stupid do- 
gooder attitude and cram it? 


Hey, buddy — you can't 
smoke that in here! 


there's not 
a single 
harmful 
side effect to 
smoking 
those things? 


10 


THe ۱٢ PAGES 


Pull My Cheney 


IT'S BASS “"ھ‎ ۷ 
people who don't trust an ARDS; 
d journalists report, totall 


ything large news organizations with 
by some anonymous putz sitting 


y believe any far-fetched rum 
y bel or bl | 
in his underwear in his Қал зы | 


ብአብ ር 
Writer: Stan Sinberg " . ——— 


6 Degrees of Separation | 
Between Anyone and Anything 


CAN YOU LINK 
ANTI-VIRUS SOFTWARE 
TO THE LONE RANGER? 


Writer: Stan Sinberg — Artist: John Kerschbaum 
62 
АСУ, 
ы м; 


Anti-Virus Software 


protects against 
intruders, as does... 


A Junkyard Dos 
ጩቻሯ who barks viciously 
at everything that 
moves, as does... 


Nancy Grace m 


who is a hostile, x иши 2 ' 
invasive irritant, as „ау Body Lice 
which people furiously 
мж scratch, just like... 


Lottery Tickets 


which disappoint 99.999% of ۷ MZ 


all ticket buyers, as did... | 
VEU «а The Lone Ranger! 


Writer and Artist: Tom Cheney 


Have several attractive mates lined up in case the disaster is 
a world cataclysm, and you need to repopulate the earth. 


Don't be frightened by Hollywood's sensationalizing of 
disasters. For instance, you don't have to worry about a 
Sharknado unless you live near a body of water. 


Have a three-week supply of hamster care supplies 
on hand, even if you don't currently own a hamster. 
You never know when you'll get one. 


Stock up on Brawny paper towels for those 
"disasters" in the kitchen. (This joke brought to you 
by Georgia-Pacific, a division of Koch Industries.) 
Keep a list of important phone numbers posted nearby, such as 
football betting hotlines, pizza delivery and phone-sex services. 


Repent your sinful ways, get right with God, and maybe He 
won't send all these disasters to your area in the first place. 


12 Writer: Jeff Kruse Artist: Jonathan Edwards 


እ 
4 


22 
7 4 


ARTISTS 


Five Decades of 
“The Lighter Side of...” 


GREATEST 


መ Ow مو‎ Now! 


== (Women 


| 04: A 
{ 4 


THECALLOPTHEMILD | 
۴ FIRE! FIREI 


ЖЫ 


WITH AN INTRODUCTION AND 
AN EXCLUSIVE NEW PORTRAIT OF DAVE 
BY DREW FRIEDMAN! 


1050925 EARN BERG plenis EN 
FAMILY PHOTOS! A RARE INTERVIEW! 


PLUS 32 MAD ARTISTS ILLUSTRATE 


NEW AND CLASSIC “THE LIGHTER SIDE OF... 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


Indeed, sir! Keep the population 
beaten down and cowering, 
knowing that their needs mean 
nothing, fearing that their standard 
of living will never improve in their 
or their children’s lifetimes and 
choking on the fact that they're 
powerless to vote out the upper- 
class cabal that controls all wealth 
and privilege...hold on, | thought 
this was supposed to be fiction! 


If those filthy peons want 
a bird that truly symbolizes 
Katfood Aspercreme's 
future, they shouldn't pick 
| the mockingjay. It should be 


| | the dead duck! Do they think ፳፻ 


= | they're dealing with Mr. Nice 
| Tyrant here? I'm President 
Snarl! | once cut open my 
secretary of the interior 
just to see his interior! 


Because it's liter- 


M ally the only thing 


you own, dope! 
What else have 
you got? We can't 
exactly rally the 
people around a 
dull stare, or deep- 
tissue bruising! 


] Daft Punk! No! 
ы F 


= 


Everyone in the crowd is 
holding their fingers up 
and whistling like 
the mockingjay bird. 
Or at least the ones 
who haven't already lost 
several fingers to gan- 
grene! How did my little 
mockingjay pin become 
the underground symbol 
of hope and rebellion? 


Ah, to think 
that a love story 
could bloom in 
the middle of 
so much cruel, 
sadistic violence. 
It makes me want 
to listen to songs 
by Rihanna and 
Chris Brown! 


| Wow, a whole 


THE HUNGER PAINS 


ETTING 1 


color is cancerous gray. | wouldn't be alive if your district's 

two tributes hadn't each saved my above-the-title butt during 

the last tournament! I'll never forget my special little murder 
buddy, the brave, inexplicably loyal Poo! And also Whatsisface, 

the guy who had 25 seconds of screen time. They didn't 

deserve to die like that. They deserved to live full and normal 
lives here in your district, before dying of starvation at age 22! 
And to honor their sacrifice, we are donating 


half of our food winnings to all of you! Cheerio! 


ጨጨ MORE THAN ONE WAY TO SKIN ል KATNISS DEPT. 


First, our plucky heroine was unhappy about almost dy- 
ing. Now she bitches about living! Meanwhile, the evil 
president complains about HER 24-7! He's going to kill 
her...but not just yet. The people are unhappy with the 
government, the government's unhappy with the people, 
but nothing's going to get done about it until they get to 
the third book. Gripe, gripe, gripe! Whine, whine, whine! 


= 


| Your district means a lot to us, and not just because my favorite 


Greetings to the most 
miserable and bedraggled 
district, from the second- 

worst! As the first co- 

victors in the history of the 
Hunger Pains, we're living 
proof that love conquers 
all! But knowing how to 
use a jagged tree branch 
to eviscerate a 14-year-old 
from gut to sternum helps! 


Which makes this in-between placeholder movie... 


Over the years, I've found that nothing 
cheers up the downtrodden and accursed 
quite like a visit from an oblivious woman 
dressed as one of the birds from Rio vomit- 

ing an entire value-sized bag of Skittles 

onto Nicki Minaj's head! | wish | were 
appropriately dressed for this Hunger Pains 
pep rally, but | just came from a funeral. 
And now, please welcome the paroxetine 


سس 
KA‏ 
ҚҰСУ‏ 


>», 


Cameras! Chaperones! And now, 
the evil president threatens me in 
my own house! I'm starting to feel 
as if there's nowhere | can be alone. 


sup probably right! 


What a nightmare that tournament was! | became 
the first 12-year-old girl to root for her bigger sister 
to continue living! Then, after you won, everything 

changed. We got something that we never had before. 


—) = ሠ 


| had your front door beaten We are in charge. In your hellholes 
until it let me in. If you continue || of squalor, you and the other 9996 
to defy me, Miss Aspercreme, are the worthless monkeymeat 
your mother will be killed. Your |} that slave your lives away to deliver 
sister will be killed. Your friends гу the luxury to those of us in the top 
and neighbors will be killed. one percent. It won't be that way 
And there's a strong possibility f| forever, though. | will not rest until 
that you'll lose the roof! we've cut that number to 0.0196! 


— == и No, THAT we must never, ever, ever talk ዘ It isn't easy for me, 
that secret | You mean Battle Royale, the Japanese | about! I'm referring to the awkward | | either! | have to travel | 
subject. novel with the identical premise love triangle between you, те апа || all over this country, 
The one topic about a totalitarian government your made-for-TV boyfriend, Meatwad. pretending I'm in 
no one is terrorizing its citizens by annually That makes me the third corner. love, just to protect 
supposed forcing teenagers to battle to the death, The drab, blah, charisma-free corner! my future. Who am I, 


Hillary Clinton? 


to discuss. that was written a decade earlier? 
7 - 


ld | do, Brainitch? They're forcing me to fake а | went through the same 
love affair and go on a train tour of the entire country. And charade after І won. The 
Meatwad's not exactly the sharpest knife in a kid's back! Hunger Pains extinguished my 
| don't know if | can take another 3,000 miles of him sticking heart! It destroyed my soul! 
| his head out of the window and shouting, "Wooo, wooo!" The liver damage, | did myself! 


Me 


The Capitol is making Isn't that pile of corpses Glad to have you aboard, Absolutely, sir! For years, 


us go on this stupid on the street enough of à Putrid Heftybag! Luckily there | have lurked in secrecy, 
goodwill trip to create a picker-upper for you? | was a new opening for the head completely away from the 

fake positivity. But It was MY idea to put ነ gamemaker’s job. In fact, after public eye. The Master, Doubt, 
what about our morale? the smiling ones on top! we got through with him, there Punch-Drunk Love, Capote, 
ሥ- was a new opening ያበ the head Synecdoche, New York! 

8 8 А А А ا‎ 

2 N gamemaker! This year, no mistakes. E| Finally, at long last, I'm in a 
(LY (እ, 5 ₪ Feel ready for the big time? movie people will pay to see! 
۸ tl. a by ደር E T т 


Men ^ 7 ו‎ к b 5 
EU | AL. 


No one can surpass my booming VOICE! It ———— On the contrary, you 
makes every inane bit of DRIVEL that from some of the shrapnel I've pulled Men! They can and | can grow gray 


out of my body. Katfood, my beloved, never make a together. Either from ፳ 
| want to spend every moment of long-term old age or massive 
the rest of my life with you. commitment! blood loss! 


INCREDIBLE! Don’t believe me? Check this 
out. | have irritating TOE FUNGUS! 


fz 


ШАШ АХ 
When We can run away, Fail! Katfood, sweet The government says District 13 was Don't fight 
a problem Far, far away! All the Katfood. Your massively destroyed, but they keep inane logic, 
comes along, | | way to the other side of eyes...your lips... showing the same footage of the Katfood. 
you must this whipping post! Cut | | if things really go same building being smashed to bits. At this point, 
whip it. | say me some slack, it's hard into the crapper, If President Snark is so powerful and it's the 
whip it. Whip to think up a whole they'll make good ruthless that he controls the people, only thing 
it good! plan in three seconds! eating portions! the military and the media, why doesn't keeping 
Z (7 he just kill me and be done with it? you alive! 


"ያ" ፪፪ =2 
This will be the 75th year of 
the Hunger Pains! 75 years 
of existential suffering! 
75 years of meaningless early 
death! Or as Chicago Cubs 
fans call it, a highlight reel! 


5 224 1 1 1 2 
/| Living champions from the Hunger Pains аге a rare treasure. And 
መ they're about to get even rarer! This year's 75th competition will be 
El a special "Best Of" episode! The tributes will be chosen from each 

1 district's pool of remaining winners! For those districts where two 
لے‎ living winners are not available, we will be digging up past losers' 

corpses and severely punishing them for their refusal to participate! 


E 1 INR ч "יי‎ 


It's going to be 
like when they bring 
back past contestants 
on Survivor! 

But without the 
surviving! 


ЛИШ 
This is it — life or death! So I think I'll team ከ 
up with the unresponsive brain-damaged 


TAM‏ שא 
It seems everybody wants to make an alliance with Katfood! Which makes total sense,‏ 
because last year she killed hardly anybody, she's only alive because her life was‏ 
saved or spared four times, and her ingenious escape plan was "climb a tree, hope paintlicker, the shaky, old, half-dead lady, ۴‏ 
that nobody looks up, and be glad that the knife thrower with deadly aim leaves and the spindly dweeb with the soul patch!‏ 
you alone.” And at the end, her strategy for victory was, "Hey, let's commit suicide." ШП — . m‏ 
In her second time in the arena, | wonder who she'll choose to be her teammates?‏ 


Don't Not a problem! The big TV That guess doesn't count! In case you 
fall I'm looking show is tonight. ፻፪ It bursts into & haven't noticed, pretty much every article of 
about three Your new dress is flames and clothing | design goes on fire. No, your dress 
feet south specially designed reveals a comes with kneepads and a crash helmet! 
of her mind! with an awesome mockingjay We all saw what happened when you tried 
surprise. to walk up that staircase at the Oscars! 


Ooh, it's the girl 


on fire. You know, 
she could clear for her 
| that up with a 
М | shot of penicillin! 


| 4 


Well, maybe Nobody She's What's If I'm 
else had 80 Fishstick going to 
up to? die, 
| want the 


years 
old. 
Those 
are 
her 
breasts! 


He's 
swim- 
ming in 
the wrong 
direction! 


not that 
cunning weapons 
and or tools! 
brilliant. Where did 
But she still Hags get 
has nice P| those surf- 
cans! boards? 


cameras 


An ingenious piece 
Wow, 
to catch 


You want heart-tugging pathos? 
Guess what? Katfood and | were of stagecraft. 
secretly married! That's right! It appears I’ve preg- 
And not just that, but, um, she's underestimated nant? 
already pregnant! With our child! Miss Aspercreme's Д | didn’t 
She's pregnant, and this is not subtle cunning even 
a hoax! Also, the child only has and strategic | know I'd 
one leg! And a severe nut allergy! brilliance. | had sex! 


МУ 


C 


How moronic! Am I the only one who's noticed that 
the smoke hasn't slowed down in the slightest? 
This makes the scene from Man of Steel where 
Pa Kent lets the tornado kill him for no reason 


/ኗ 
Well, he 
found А 

the weak |Z fog so that the rest of us 
have a chance to escape! 
seem like three-dimensional chess! 


How brave! How noble! 


Oh, no! Spinning, spinning, 
spinning! And just when we'd 
cracked the code and mapped 
out the locations of each of 
the deadly dangers! Now we'll 
have to start all over again! 


Let's just 
hope the 
audience is 
too dizzy 
to realize 

that! 


Can't we just use the 
same recognizable 
features like the 
giant tree to reorient 
ourselves as soon as 
we stop spinning? 


سے 

Я Ugh! Ouch! | feel like | tried to Dougie 
from the hips down while simultaneously 
twerking my upper body. And my mouth 
tastes like | just gave a tongue bath to not 


The girl's 
coming out 
of it! Get me 

| plot exposition! 


- 447 
NN T A 5 


W 7A2 


1 AUTE 
The battleground arena is shaped 
like a clock. It's divided into 
twelve sections, each with its own 


Eight 
o'clock 
is Duck 


And 
what's 


unique danger! At five o'clock is at Dynasty! 
fire! At six o'clock is poison! At eight | never 
seven o'clock are explosions! o'clock? miss it! 


Unreal! This movie has so many 
gaping holes, | can literally shoot 
an arrow into one of them! 


ፍያ 


Ж 
ld 7 


The reason we let you 


Yes, one. If even 

the rebels have 

super-advanced 
flying airships 
like this, why 
did we have 
to ride a train 
everywhere? 


The country is torn in half! Your 
family is torn in half! And worst of all, 
the third Hunger Pains book is going 
to be torn in half, so the producers 
can make TWO padded movies out 
of it! Thanks for the shameless scam, 
Bella, Harry Potter and Peter Jackson! 
her questions? 


Six of you survived! We rescued three. For 
maximum emotional baggage, your pseudo-boo 
Meatwad has been captured. The revolution has 

begun! Our rebel hovercraft is flying to District 13 
which, unlike your hometown, was never blown 
to bits even though it poses a huge weaponized 

threat to President Snarl, while your district's 
engineers just discovered the shovel! 


FA, ENS 
7 | ኔ 
Р ати | өне | 


get poison-gassed, 
stabbed and exploded 
is because we were 
secretly guarding your 
safety! Kind of like 
the way Facebook 
protects your privacy! 


ЖБ - 
rue MAD VAULT. 


brought to you by... 
BUDWEISER 


ENDORSE OF A DIFFERENT COLOR DEPT. 
This nauseating travesty is no doubt familiar 
to anyone who watches sports on TV: Convinced 

= that 90 minutes of commercials in a 3-hour 

sportscast isn't enough, networks and adver- 
tisers are now "encroaching" on the games them- 
selves! So far, these annoying mini-ads have 
been limited to kickoffs, home runs and the 
ша 5 like, but you сап bet your Miller-Lite Beer ኣ 


/% / mug that there will come a day pretty soon... 


WHEN TV SPORTS ADVERTISERS 
decide to “SPONSOR” 
MORE than just 


KICKOFFS & HOME RUNS 


ARTIST: JACK DAVIS WRITER: MIKE SNIDER 


This Hail Mary Desperation Pass 
is presented courtesy of... 


This Crotch Grab is a 
CRUEX Moment! 


е ር THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF CHURCH 
When you haven't got a prayer, come see us! 


ONES TERANE 


5/ 4 Y 
ን 6 p) This "Wave" is This Off-Sides Penalty is 
45 presented by... brought to you by... 


> E 


THE SEARS DIE-HARD BATTERY— 
Your protection against False Starts! 


Another PENTHOUSE 
Magazine Moment! 


This Gruesome Compound Fracture is brought to you 
over and over, from every possible angle, by... 
- መ 
, 


BLUE CROSS/BLUE SHIELD— 
Offering more superior protection than even 


the best offensive linemen! 
3 
ዶኔ 
fS 
تمہ‎ / 
C AC 
2 


It's another Below-the-Belt Jab 
brought to you by... 


WARNER COMMUNICATIONS— 
Producer of the blockbuster motion picture “Batman,” 
now available everywhere on videocassette! 


۷ Sp 


MAD MAGAZINE— 
Delivering cheap shots since 1952! 


0. 


Time for another Obscenity-Filled 
Tirade sponsored by... 


THE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION— 
Protecting the right of Americans to rant and 
rave, regardless of race or winning percentage! 


HALLMARK GREETING CARDS— 


is Surprise Visit by a TV actor plugging 
his new show is a presentation of... 


MIRACLE-GRO FERTILIZER— 
Pile it on thick and heavy for best results! 


222222 


If you can't say it on national TV, say it with HALLMARK! 


. رس‎ ES 2 ; 


2 PSYCHOLOGY TODAY MAGAZINE— 
Where you read about lunatics, not sit among them! 
` DAN Raa AN; 


Let's look at that play again on the U.S. 
Postal Service Slow Motion Replay... 


THE U.S. POST OFFICE— 
If you think we move slow, take a look at these guys! 


IR FRESHENER— 
Strikes out even major league odors fast! 


0 


2 
/ This Crowd Shot is 
presented by... 
( 


САҚЫ” ا‎ 


WRITER AND ARTIST: 
PETER KUPER 


NY 
P 


t 


07 


₪ 


3 


א 


ማመ TRAN 


= == ESI | 
6% "| 25 4 


2 by 


“ар 


Ey JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


The LEGO Movie was an important step for the Danish toymaker in its plans for world domination: while LEGO has long been known for its video games,‏ א 
ጭፍ 1 : books and parental foot injuries, it had never been a player in Hollywood. But now that a LEGO film has become a reality, it seems obvious that the brand‏ 
would have been a natural fit (get it?) in Tinseltown. If you don't believe us, just check out these snappy (because the pieces, uh, snap together) reasons...‏ 


LEGO MAN HOLLYWOOD 


17 D 1 
ты 
m — Ó 


Vanilla Ice 


5 Gregslist - List of Guys Named Greg 


r- IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


ê Pupworthy - Inspirational Videos for Dogs 


»NAME: TAD AGE: 5,117 DAYS »LEAST FAVORITE SPICE: NUTMEG 


ҸӰ LATEST TWEETS 


= PLANET TAD ₪ 
І don't get the phrase “уои 
can't have your cake and eat 
it, too". Of course you can. 
You just need to buy two cakes. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 43m 


The combination of breakfast 
and lunch shouldn't be called 
“brunch”. That word has 
almost none of “breakfast” in 
it! It should be breakfunch. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 

1 don't know why beards stop 
where they do. Why aren’t 
men’s entire faces covered 
with hair? That’d be awesome. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 
| don’t understand why 
Captain America is still Captain 
America. Shouldn’t he at least 
be Major America by now? 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 

Is there a less badass superhero 
name than Robin? “I know! 

Pll name myself after a pretty, 
harmless bird that’s also 
sometimes a girl's name!" 


FAVORITE SITES 


Tosh.0.1 — With Software 
Upgrade 


Cats That Look Like 
Zooey Deschanel 


| Quiz: Candy Bar or 
H Superhero Name? 


Buzzfeed: 21 Must-Read 
Lists, Expressed as 


E TET T] One Chart 


Ice Cream Ice Cube 


lp DISLIKES 


Ice Skating Ice Fishing 


© PLACES 


Tad visited: 
> Tad's House 


€» Kevin's House 


<> Lakeville High 
School 


<> Middle Earth 
(via ticket to 
“The Hobbit 2") 


FEBRUARY 3, 2014 
Today at school, they announced plans for a Battle of 
the Bands. And | started thinking: My friend Chuck hasa 
drum set. And our friend Kevin got a guitar for his birthday last 
year. Plus, there's a guy in my homeroom named Stu who's 
really good at playing the bass. And with me as lead singer, 
that's just the right number of people for a band! 


FEBRUARY 4, 2014 
So, at lunch today, Chuck and I talked to Kevin. He said he's 
still taking guitar lessons, and right now, the only songs 
he can play are "I'm a Little Teapot” and “Old McDonald Had 
a Farm". But | figure we've got three weeks, and he can learn a 
new song or two in that time. 


We also talked to Stu, the guy from my homeroom, who said 
he'd do it, on one condition: That we call the band Stu and the 
Stu-Tones. We told him we'd think about it. He said that's all he 
could ask for. 


FEBRUARY 7, 2013 
Our band had its first meeting today, and it was a little rough. For starters, we 
couldn't agree on a name for the band. Everyone started throwing out sugges- 
tions, and | wrote them down as they said them: 


(This might or might not have something to do with the fact that 
| heard Dana McKnight, who's a sophomore in my algebra class, 
say that she thinks guys in bands are really hot.) 


FEBRUARY 6, 2014 


R In algebra today, | told Dana that 
l'm forming a band. She said, "Cool! 
| didn't even know you played an instru- 
ment!" And | said, “| don't." And she said, 
"Oh. Well, what's your band called?" And 
| said, "We don't have a name yet." And 
she said, "Oh. Do you at least know what 
kind of music you'll play?" And | said, 
"We're going to figure that out." And she 
said, "Good luck with that." 


(It turns out, those 
Ear Wreecktion The Lunada Ladies last four weren't band 
` WE Your Mom names, but a conversa- 

Chameleon 681:۸84 במ‎ Evans Celesi] tion between Chuck 
Wonder Ф. \ Phats Terrible and Kevin, which | 

ፍ ልርዬስዬነት 9004. у? didn't realize until Kevin 
The Fantastic = " x 3pid got up and left, and 

6 ለልሂዬሶሳፀህ5 6. Chuck had to follow 
him and apologize.) 


A Se ነ 
Tim ۱۷۸۹ 


She was playing it cool, but | think she 
was really impressed. 


FEBRUARY 9, 2014 
Another bad band meeting. Everyone had different ideas on what sort of music we should play — Chuck wants us to play punk 
music, Stu was saying we should just cover songs that everyone already likes, and Kevin kept asking if there were any songs we 
could play that sounded anything like “I'm a Little Teapot” or "Old McDonald”. | told everyone not to worry, that I'd write a song for us. | 
mean, Justin Bieber writes songs. How hard could it be? 


FEBRUARY 10, 2014 
Writing songs is incredibly hard, it turns out. | just spent the whole night trying to write a song, and | haven't gotten very far. 
It started out seeming easy — I thought of a melody right away, and started trying to come up with words for it. Then my little 
sister Sophie came by as | was humming the melody, and said, “Why are you humming that One Direction song?" | said, "I'm not 
humming a One Direction song." And she said, "Yes you are. That's ‘One Thing’. It's, like, their biggest hit." And once she pointed it 
out, | realized she was right. 


It turns out, pretty much any melody | can think of, | can only think of because | heard 
it somewhere else. Anytime I'd think of a new one, | would go and hum it for Sophie, 
and she'd tell me what it was. So far tonight, l've come up with the melodies for 
“Blurred Lines” by Robin Thicke, “Hot and Cold" by Katy Perry, “Gangnam Style", 
“Call Me Maybe”, and that song from the Oreo commercial about how nice it would 
be to give an Oreo to a werewolf. 


Anyway, | just finally came up with one where Sophie said, “Yep, | don’t know that у е 


one! I think that's yours!" So now, finally, I'm going to start on the lyrics! MY INFLU ENCES, APPARENT 


FEBRUARY 11, 2014 


Well, it took me most of the night, but I think | came up with an origi- 

nal melody — at least, when | hummed it for my parents and my sister, 
none of them said they’d heard it before. (Actually, my dad’s exact words 
were, “Wait, that was it? | thought you were clearing your throat.") | had to 
rush the lyrics a little bit, but all in all, | think it turned out pretty well. 


FEBRUARY 10, 2014 
Aw, crap. My mom just came by my room and 
heard me humming my new melody. She poked 
her head in and said, "Awwwww! You're humming 
Billy Joel! | used to play *Piano Man' for you all the 
time when you were in diapers, and you loved it!" 


FEBRUARY 11, 2014 
Bad news. The guys in the band hate my song. After I finished singing it for them, Chuck said, "Um. The music sounded sort of like 
you'd fallen in a well and were calling for help." And I said, "In a good way?" And he said, "No." 


Then Kevin asked, "Why would you write a song called 'Dana'?" And I said, *No reason." And he said, "Because you do realize that noth- 
ing rhymes with Dana, right?" And | said, “Well, ‘painter’ and ‘strainer’ and 'insaner' sort of rhymed, right?" And Stu said, "None of those 
rhyme. And the last one isn't even a word." And Kevin said, “I’m also not sure why you compared her to a strainer.” | told them they were 
all good points, and I'd get back to work. 


FEBRUARY 14, 2014 

Well, today was the Battle of the Bands, and we 

won! Stu and the Stu-Tones did great! Afterward, 
I told Dana that | was the band's manager, and she said, 
"That's cool! I'm also a band manager." And I said, 
"Really? Which band was yours?" And she said, "The 
Polka-Tones. Your band beat them. My boyfriend Dale 
plays lead accordion. | love polka music, don't you?" 


FEBRUARY 12, 2014 


So, today all the guys came over again, and | told them | was 

working on a new draft of the song. But before | could even ask 
them if it'd be too weird to rhyme ‘Dana’ with ‘retainer’, Kevin inter- 
rupted to me to say, "Um, look, Tad. We've got two things we wanted 
to talk about: First, we've been working on something on our own." 
And Chuck said, "Yeah. We think it's pretty good. Stu came up with it." 


And then they played what they've been working on. It was a fast, 
punk cover of "I'm a Little Teapot", and it sounded kind of awesome. So all in all, I'm kind of glad things worked out the way 
After it was over, | said, "That's great! What do you need me to do?" they did. 


And Kevin said, "That's th hi to talk ES ү Я F TT. - 
n 5 ו‎ First, I’m glad | didn't wind up singing a song to Dana in 


Kevin and the other guys explained to me that they didn't need a front of her boyfriend. 
fourth member in their band. And I said, "I can't believe this! This was 
all my idea in the first place! Now you're firing me?" And Kevin said, 
"No! We came up with another idea. You can be our manager.” And I 
said, "What does a manager do?" And Kevin says, "He gets to tell Dana 


he's our manager." I like the way Kevin thinks sometimes. 


But second, I'm glad | didn't wind up going out with 
Dana. Because | think the only thing more difficult than 
trying to come up with a rhyme for her first name would 
be pretending to enjoy polka music. 


WRITER: TIM CARVELL 


m 
2 ow 
ce 


pus 
Ke 
9% — 


A Look A C 


ENG ARAGONES 
` PRESENTS 


* 
203 


አይሁ << v 
Ee _ ל‎ F) 
a / ש‎ 


all-you-can-eat buffet. There's just something about a morbidly 


255 A PORTION CLINIC DEPT. 3 = - መጨ 
There are few things in life that Americans enjoy more than an 
obese population lining up to pile their plates with a steam-heated |. КА " 
culinary hodgepodge of lasagna, barbequed buffalo wings, 5 C4 ም ግ “186. -” 
French toast and shrimp cocktail. (Well, maybe shrimp cocktail, 5 ም oe بح سو‎ 
if you're one of the first two in line) But before you go hog wild ሂሪ F -Х%» 4 
at one of these eating orgies, you should know that there 
are certain rules that must be obeyed or chaos could ensue, f 2 - 5 
resulting in the loss of life or worse — that tray of pulled pork : (Qi 


in honey sauce you waited 10 minutes in line for! 


9 J| IRN e 

À ዒ; = Vi NS AB D Fa ዘህ! ТС. SAL te Don’t hold up the line by 
0 ; Ж Dis > carefully selecting from the 

meat and fish choices. 


If you're about to sneeze or | га ማግ 
cough, cover your mouth. SW i; 


Use a piece of bread, a pancake | қ х Ж Е A ) 6 2 ] 4 4 1 ‹ בע‎ 
or a slice of ham. When putting it zu DAN apy ; КЖ.) / ያ - ל‎ $ : h A OR, | : 2ی‎ 3 Take them all and decide 
back on the buffet table, keep things 1 \ ሙና NIR : € ג"‎ қ A ቁ፣ ^U ik WA ; 4 what you want to eat when 
7 sanitary by placing it at the back. F е PTS x А4 K 0 ғ בא‎ TM OUS ۱ А ב‎ you're back at your table. 
AP Mes = «9 መ... 23 / тті GS اا‎ “27 | А / 4 ۱ ЛЕУ - 4 22. Шы - י‎ S 2 , - / 4 ac 2) ANS T e | 
Q AP Av, ሠ. Or 20) AG. 2 9r ^ A ; سے | ) 4 : ; + ץ‎ VN з ) ባዜ OE እመ. ; 
| M , Use your assigned 


Don’t cut the line! ነ. - 2. ב‎ ጋ وا‎ | ior, : САРА”) \ ЫШ : P seating place card. 

: % ag Toke it and put it חס‎ the dessert table. 
Then you can sit there and enjoy all 
The desserts without having to walk 
back and forth to your actual table. 


Merely start a new line moving 
in the opposite direction. 


۸ U O QL E / , 

2 p “Ж Y .. #7); ረ 1 

зі a «аў «D Ns 4 

Popular buffet items 2 LUN Aad ERO NK 19-2 2 23 WH у Q > 

like shrimp are known \ t 63 SSS ና à ‹ 5 Б чр 1 کے‎ ~ S 4 (Qr с Don't load up your plate 

to run out quickly. ERES С ቻን ےت‎ 2 ን; / سے‎ < OMS نا‎ N ENN ч 6 CNT 2 so high that food falls off. 
So always grab as many as 5 NS | ነ ነ 


i е SS = 1 6=- i ; х 5p = ር 2 298 Take several plates and 
you can before the greedy, . መጋ 3 iy 4 لات‎ | . 4 г 2^4 7j 3 ም 56 load them all medium high. 
١ Us 4 ІМ, ) 4 ho 4 Р ነ ? с) 
^ + ді 5% ۸ ^ с D : ` کے‎ ( 


thoughtless hoarders get to them. > > ж 1 


NN ወክ : 


54 ` - T \ 1 1 D 7 «€ ር Р ב‎ // 
1 TB ( ሟጠራ-። 5 کی‎ መረ ፡ ኢር ም ۲ > — ( . 2 3 Te ללש‎ ы Sy آ۷‎ 6 
ДУ КУЙ RB ሥር Ses am? : FE اس‎ >7 eee іс 1 IS 4 : 
Place your used dishes 2672 (С е 7 zy А ) . Е: А: > АСЗ 3 RR של‎ OE جس ל‎ መሚ is very improper to use the 
| and cutlery on one of the aquse, C o, መጋ 6. = eS 5 ር - 42291: F می‎ AR? اح مت سو‎ ladle from one type of salad 
7 


dressing to take a different 
Or, better yet, snag.an empty one 1 б >, T = WME ۱ type of salad dressing. 

and you'll have yourself a mega-dish ቃ > С 2 5 У PN רד‎ 4 ገ መመን یو‎ > DI са 6 “ТТ 5/46 4 Always lick it clean before using the 

to pile food оп dlleveningl х 0 4 J “ау ኢህ 23 Аха р È = 292 ین‎ እ 2 x 1 A ነ \ same ladle for something different. 


huge trays provided. 


cx С AMA - уу SS) тзн سا‎ 2% 2 <= 
BD codi eS Ух" QO ረረ = = کے کد‎ 
ቁመን ቓ C. ኒ 3; ~ [ч E 
==... WP ም ናሙ መፈ کے‎ \ Bs. 0 KS ہے‎ ». > <> XS 2 3 TS ረው ወ)! ягу à S ל‎ чт \ ہے اہی سے‎ ақ 782 
0 3 ב‎ / EC ч ም is 2 3. ቲ ы - E * a d 0 қ 
Do not “double dip.” / 6% رک مد‎ 4 - '(:። و بد‎ 2 CAO RE — መ (ос If you drop a piece of food 
ጣሻ ; ፡ TE > - 1 (1 : т : Al 7 on the floor, don't pick it up. 
If you take a carrot, dip it in sauce #1 à и ₪1 :ج2‎ қ 
and take a bite, do not dip it in the ) |» ; С» 2 2 4 A e FR = > ን h It's the staff's job to pick 
sauce again! Instead, dip your finger y ; ። መየ 45 - x к? ኣ Ex. 8 : RAN یا‎ VAN CN : : it up and put it back in 
in the sauce and put it on the carrot. NL 4 1 و‎ Y A / A m OM . SN the serving tray. 


Always use tongs. Қ)” 7 A qoa = «B ג‎ ሪር HE A نوا‎ 44 Remember — there are no 

7 / ў 3 € الہ ہے‎ n / WO 2 ,1 4 A) - 1 

“ልን : : У : ዝም WSs - h (е doggie bags at A‏ 2 1 יק መ ር) Un‏ اھ 

and that's about to take the las aa s 2 ) + T қ NS ۹ - جس‎ Ж =~ However, lining your pockets 
few chicken wings or something 2 ጋ CEN l ‹ ' 2 ۱ d &, E 4 f A with aluminum foil for easy filling 
else that's about to run out. ы 2 5 N مک‎ ۸ : ₪ 7 ۹ “7” " ШЫ Жез A) # ۵ «ығ, is technically nof a doggie bag. 


OH, YEAH... GOT \ | 
HERE JUST IN TIME. | 


They play a 
little fast and loose with 
the definition of the 
word “bronze” 


You experience frequent incidents 
of inappropriate bulb replacement 


THIS BOOTH HAS GONE 


DAYS WITHOUT 
A MELANOMA 
RELATED INCIDENT d 


Disturbing 
signage abounds 


جک نہ ን‏ یہی 


597 


7 0 


X 


pne 6 
MARTHA ТЕТЕ 
TANNED НЕКЕ 


INS 


— > А 


€ d 


Blatant instances 
of false advertising 


Eh HAVING A BAD RAY DEPT. 


Getting a great tan used to involve spending a week or two in some cheesy beach town — and if the weather held out and the stale taffy didn't do you in, you 
might end up with a moderately attractive tan. But today, thanks to a preponderance of tanning salons, you only need to spend an hour or two in some cheesy strip 
mall — and if the tanning bed is functioning properly and the spray nozzles aren't clogged, you might end up with a moderately attractive tan. However, before you 
step into that sleazy little enterprise that's sandwiched between the 24-hour locksmith and the Chinese dollar store, you might want to keep an eye out for these... 


Warning Signs of a CRAPPY 
UNG SALON 


መ” 
ke 


AA 
2ء لت‎ 


اک ا 
бс?‏ 


The safety 
goggles aren't exactly 
WRITER AND ARTIST: state-of-the-art 


JOHN CALDWELL 


[Е YOULL KINDLY SHED YOUR GARMENTS AND 
HANG THEM ON THE PROVIDED HOOKS, WELL HAVE 
WALLY HERE TAPE OFF Your UNTANNABLES: 


Rather than 
use an electric timer, 
you're fitted with your own 
pop-up thermometer 


Instead of spray tans, 
they offer two guys with rollers 


COMPLETE YOUR MAD LIBRARY ) proun DECLARE VOURSELF A COMPLETE IDIOT!) 


MAD SPY US. SPY: 
OLD-IN | FIGHT TO MAD'S GREATEST ARTI D'S GREATEST ARTISTS: 


F STS: MA p 
COLLECTION THE FINISH! | MORT DRUCKER | PLANET TAD TOT ALLY MAD 0 SERGIO ARAGONES 


> 4 
ለ four-volume set! : Special digest size! Includes many of Mort's greatest 239 pages of all-new | n Includes new, original, 
Over 400 Al Jaffee classics! py adver n In ብ 888... movie satires plus essays ከሃ adventures! From Р ty! = never-before-seen Sergio art! Includes 65 Sos 8 collections, 
Includes a brand-new | Jalsa Michael J. Fox, Steven Spielberg, the head writer of bert Plus an 18"x24" pull-out poster ا‎ adient H t ny perfect for fans 
Fold-In created by Al Jaffee እየጠ ይጠ J.J. Abrams, and others! Also a The Daily Show — 90 featuring 500 of Sergio's peter Kon ا‎ 7 of MAD on 
especially for this collection! y ኣታ classic, vintage pull-out poster! with Jon Stewart! cover prints! favorite marginals! PICO TOT Кира; 0004 Cartoon Network! 


ከ8100. | SPV VS. SPY 


THE 
SECRET FILES! | VOLUME 2 


Special digest size! Includes every 


Six wacky 


АУА 
GREATEST 
ARTISTS 


OLOZ - 0002 ‘UNO 3008 NOI1231102 NI- 0104 aww | 


Stupidity 
and 
Stupidity 


= ۹۲ ‘INO NOOK כסררבּכ\וסא‎ м-алоз AWW 
UM. - £26 OML NOOB NOUu231100 м-алоз 0۳7۸7 


0002 - 0661 :338H1 NOOB כסררבּכ1וסא‎ м-алоз AWW 


EN 
i. 


ІН THE BOOK SECTION OF BOO 
WHEREVER BOOKS ARE SOLD — DUH! 


4 a Ab QUA do ہو‎ 


If there's one thing the world knows about Americans, it's that 
they're fatter than ever. And if there are two things they know, it's | : : ۴ 
that Americans aren't big readers. (We're talking to you, Chubs!) | i М Ал مم‎ መ سے‎ 5 , эы i ኣ à -% 
So, in much the same way that we've learned to combine tacos 
and Dorito shells, it seems only natural to combine our ) . : " 


love of food with our ambivalence towards reading! Lus AW. b. 
— bd p מכ‎ 


TO GRILL A‏ וה 
-i ARMS ™ Mockingbird (05‏ 1 


| aud SONIM MIW 3111 MAAM 
A ж.т E le = a 


THE LEAGUE OF 
EXTRAORDINARILY 
HUGE GENTLEME 


Y . — 
፪ “She GREAT е-е _ on. the Places | ₪ 
FATSBY | 9 | Заа 8 
> ሪ т 
| BREAKFAST, 
LUNCH, DINNER 


| AND A SNACK AT 
1 TIFFANY'S 


ЗМУ ۴65۵۱1۲1۸۸ SYN ROW 39 


5 


A 
: y 
SNe p" 


ONION RNS 
ን с 


| THE 4: Pern WW | = 
SCARLET FN 
CHEDDAR АҒ. ІШЕ БЕТТЕ 


BURGER KING 


= 4 = \ 
4-JOURNEY А) 


М 
፡ 
3 
X 
3 
Ў 
8 
N 
М 
ነ 
\ 
Ñ 
\ 
№ 


. Twilight: > ኻ መሥ” - + 
) و‎ . ፡ eat chips : Я 2 , 2 اس‎ 
/ Р | new moon pie Р Б breaking chairs 9 יי‎ f 
E > Е 


ARTISTS: SCOTT BRICHEI 
7 AND T 
- [ 7 ۹ - 


| A 1 | RICHARD WILLIAMS 


Vou Can Never Improve on the Classics... 
Even though theres PLENTY of room for improvement! 


MAD issues 
#99 — 15] 
(1965 — 1969) 
are now 
available ዕበ 
the iPRD! 


Download 
them through 
the 
MAD APP 
in the 
iTunes store! 


Only 


51,99 
an issue! 


(So much cheaper 
than the cost of 
developing a 
time machine and 
travelling back 
to buy the 
original issues!) 


ЛАО» 
PROUDLY 
PRESENTS 


Relive the disoppointment — DIGITRLLV! 


LEGO has made a ton of money with videogames based on pop culture characters, all done in the LEGO style — 
Batman, Harry Potter, The Hobbit, Indiana Jones, Star Wars — the list goes on. In fact, the list goes on longer than you realize — 
because they've also released a bunch more games that have NOT been successfull However, we've tracked down these duds — 
and we've even included some gameplay tips (so you can finish playing them as quickly as humanly possible)! 


It’s LEGO layers of lies and 
double-crosses when FBI agent | 


Richie DiMaso forces con man 

^ Ме a | C 0 M Irving Rosenfeld and his partner 
Sydney to work for him. But with 

more than a dozen unpredict- 

able, untrustworthy characters 

to unlock and play, there's no 


telling which of them could be 
the one to bring their entire 
world of bricks crashing down. 


TIPS" 


Search Richie DiMaso's 
office for 24 pink studs. 
They can be used as 
rollers to perm his hair. 


After Sydney and Irving 
have completed the 
"Slow Dance at the Dry 
Cleaner's" challenge, a 
$4.99 Hemming/Alteration 
special is unlocked. 


Enter code "KTNSS" at the 
"Extras" menu to have 
Rosalyn destroy the micro- 
wave oven by shooting 
an arrow into it. 


WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 
ARTIST: HERMANN МЕЛА 


Background image: 
Radub85 | Dreamstime.com 


45 


mnheiQuestifor 
707 አመመ 


You need to collect white studs to 
assemble a risotto but don't neglect the 
yellow studs — saffron — if you want to 
achieve F***ing Brilliant status. 


If Gordon tells you to “Get the F*** Out!" while 
in multi-player mode, head to the dormitory 
and press the “Use” button to chain-smoke 
while waiting for the others to join you. 


Enter code “FUSSY” in the in-game cheats 
menu to unlock maitre d' JP. 


TIPS 


Making Miley Cyrus references is an easy way 
to run up your score, but remember, your fellow 
sycophants can add to your joke and steal your 

points. If this happens, you can usually counteract 
this with a Taylor Swift quip (use the "Attack" 
button) timed to a commercial break. 


Harvey will reward you with a 10,000 stud bonus if 
you give him a reason to throw up his arms in mock 
surprise and show off his old man biceps. Usually 
something about Justin Bieber will trigger this. 


If someone beats you to a punchline and 
you're unable to one-up them, your best line of 
defense is to hope that Harvey says something 
and then laugh hard at it (select "brown-nose" 

from the menu), no matter how bad it is. 


BLOODY 
AWFUL 


TIPS 


If you're having trouble defeating Jenny 
McCarthy in the Autistic Endeavor mission, 
hit her over the head repeatedly with the Proven 
Scientific Evidence block until she falls apart. 


When trying to destroy Elisabeth Hasselbeck, 
play first as Barbara Walters and sit and nod 
patiently until the stamina bar over Hasselbeck 
is nearly depleted. Then switch to Joy Behar 
and fire a condescending zinger at her. 


Use the jump button to raise Whoopi's eyebrows 
and gain power from the audience to destroy guest 
Glenn Beck. If that doesn't work, collect audience- 
giveaway Danielle Steel books from under 
seats and press X to throw them at him. 


TIPS 


To force Will to cover a funny piece about a 
waterskiing bulldog, have Mac enter the control 
room, then press the "Use" button and select the 

"Cute Animal Story" icon while Will is on the air. 


Be sure to get the purple stud behind the 
laptop in Jim Harper's office — it helps eliminate 
pauses in dialogue between characters and 
increases your Rapid Fire Delivery Rating. 


Enter code HFDAD at the "Extras" menu to 
play as Harry from Dumb and Dumber 
instead of Will McAvoy. 


In Concerned Relative mode, use your snow 
shovel to toss most of the trash into the Dumpster, 
but grab the last few bits by hand. That's the 
only way to pick up the wad-of-forgotten-cash 
brick. But be careful — it looks very similar to 
the dead mouse/hantavirus brick! 


When playing as the Therapist, collect all ten dead 
cat minikits hidden throughout the house to assem- 
ble the Condemned/Order to Vacate paperwork. 


In Free Play mode, use a character with super- 
patience for Day 2 of Cleanup. Once the Hoarder 
sees her collection of 1970s Dannon yogurt lids 
go in the Dumpster, she will shut down on the front 
lawn and gameplay will slow to a crawl (unless 
you've already found the Ultimatum brick). 


Jess must be wearing her dorky nerd glasses in 
order to finish “Mission: Adorkable." They can be 


found in her bedroom closet in the left pocket of her 
1950s aqua-green old lady button-down sweater. 


In the Completely Unrelated and Uninteresting 
Subplot Mission, Winston heads to the store to 
buy some cat food for Furguson. To successfully 
complete this mission, make Winston head to 
the store and buy some cat food. 


Enter code “ETSY” in the in-game cheats menu 
to redecorate Jess's room with a totally 
different set of quirky pictures, retro furniture 
and slightly offbeat furnishings. 


.=» PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


ШЕКЕ 


THE ENTIRE RESEAKCH LAB WAIT, WE'VE 
IS BURNING DOWN! LET'S ረ GOT TO SAVE 
GET OUT OF HERE! _ „| | OUR FOUR 
. Д Бк LEGGED 
ነ Сн Жү) FRIENDS! 
0 ИЛЛА ТЕХ 
የክ - 


5 
EAS 
4 M 


NATAHN COOPER 


Thanks for hang С Хосе welcome, m4 ) | СТІП k's уут Har 
me, Father.. САП „ЫТ иҗ 600016 who warch my TN. Show 
“Gils expect Me to ו‎ 
naked all te 


Time! 


Vm moe‏ ל 
l= Ahan ТНлт //‏ ₪ 


Үп hee To confess WaT THis || Wii Gack subseayenr. episode, | j 0) Conai, ቦዛ (@ Л 


Stason Wıll be my MOST will ህይ Shacing my deepest, | 0 
fevealing ۷۸6 j most رٹ‎ ae Il SF кре у A 
۱ 000055 MY BARB ASS! 
And it has | шоЛдат Wen TWEET TO mu 


closest pals’! 


NOTHING 10 2o 4 [г 
With 470 | 
e Ta-Tasl/ | I 


KEITH KNIGHT 


8 


ROB HARRELL 


isnt this 
awesome? 


oh my god! this is 
the worst play 
date ever! 


SCOTT NICKEL 


PONDERING THE REALY MEANINGFUL SHURE... 
MANN OF YOU WRITE US AND ASK WHY | WELL, WELL TELL NOU. ITS A LITTLE- 
ARE TEACHERS 50 CRUEL? | MEAN, WHATS | KNOWN FACT THAT THEN ARE A SEPARATE 

ሀየ melt BUTTS?” SPELIES...AND AGROUCHY PEOPLE. 
йи) THEIR 0 (ШУ, 
GRADE THEIR 
ға ሂጋ 4 RAG 
۱ 

$e Ж” sulla ፦ ማን 
THEY LOOK LIKE US ANO WALK AMONG Us. | TAHIR. KIND TEND TO RUN IN PACKS, THEY 
CONGREGATE IN LARGE DENS SOMETIMES 

CALLED TEACHERS LOUNGES: [їр теу 


LINING IN THE SHAOOWS, THEY SURVIVE 
٦ 
OULD IT KILLYA To BRI KIO DESTROYING 
A TACK OF PALMAS? 4A IN ብዘዚ ENS MS OLD фо 
y PERIOD... انان‎ WOR 


ON COFEEE NICOTINE AND CHALK. 


AN APPLE FoR 
THE TEACHER! 
we 


59 


BUT WAN ARE THEN HERE? WHAT Do THEY 
WANT FROM US? How CAN WE STO? THEM? 


48 


PHIL MCANDREW CHRISTOPHER BALDWIN 


6 


/ AS FOR ME, AS SOMEONE | BuT FOR YOU, 50 ኝ 
WHO'S OLD, IM EXPECTED YOUNG, דו‎ CAN ONLY 


TO FORGET THINGS. PEOPLE MEAN ONE THING: 


YOU KNOW, YOU'RE RIGHT. BEING 


THAT IM A TWERKING IDIOT, 
I САМТ SEEM TO RECALL 


THAT'S OKAY. 


/ IM GLAD YOUVE 


COME TO TERMS 
WITH YOUR IDIOCY. 


OH, HEH, 175 ሀዘ... IT'S Nor ACTUALLY 
А TATTOO! JUST ል BIRTHIMARK THAT 
HAPPENS TO LOOK LE A SKULL! 


Í AND THEY THOUGHT, | 


MERN | "I GUESS IT'S TIME סד‎ 
E \/ "| | SCRAPE THE BOTTOM 


py - اش‎ {| OF THE BARREL,’ AND 
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING || 50 THEY CALLED YOU. 


HERE? YOU KNOW THAT YOUR 


FACE MAKES ME WANT TO VOMIT. | ILL BET YOU DONT 1 
EVEN REMEMBER WHY 


DROP-IN NURSE IS = SENT ከ... 


SICK AND NOBODY 
ELSE COULD MAKE 
IT, GRAMPS. 


5 DON'T FORGET, YOU MUST 
THAT YOURE EXPECT OF TODAY'S MAKE SURE YOUR GRAND- 
WASTED YOUTH, SMOKING | FATHER TAKES HIS MEDICINE. 


AN IDIOT. 


YOUR RAP VIDEOGAME HE NEVER REMEMBERS, AND 
TWERKING TRASH? Д HE COULD DIE WITHOUT IT. 


IT'S REALLY SEXY! | LOVE SEEING 
TOUGH TATTOOS ON TOUGH GUYS... 


SO, SPILL IT. 
WHAT ARE YOU 
HERE FOR? 


PEET TAMBURINO 


TRIGGER | OKAY, THE PERP 15 IN INTERROGATION. 
MeBRIDE; | You TNO ARE бома To Give HIM Nk BRIDE ! 
THE “GOD cop/BAD CoP" You'Re THE 
0000 СОР. 


"۲ к me ۸۰۲۵۵۱۲۳ You 
oP: VN от ARE ል GOOD Ever GONG 
HEIGHT AINANTAGE! DETECTWE, BUT ы 
THIS ISN T YOUR ኤኤ. To IMPROVE. 


STRONG SUIT... 


FINE! BUT WE NEED A CLEAN 
CONFE Ssion! THIS HAS To. HOLD 
UP IN CORT! DON'T 


UMM... ANY CHANCE You 
COULD тем. THE CHIEF THAT 


ag г 


xAmericanGIRLS 
dolls! Hannah, Marnie, 
Jessa and Shoshanna, each 


one as different and unique 


as four friends who livea 
culturally homogeneous 
lifestyle and come from the 
same socioeconomic 
background 


can bel 
WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 
SCULPTURES: KIRA SHAIMANOVA 
PHOTOGRAPHY: MANOLO & JACOB, MAKO STUDIOS 
BOOK COVER ART: SARAH CHALEK 


ess isy 


we 


٦ Г A . Qe 
Which entitled, spoiled "princ 
| А, 


ae 


Keep following that guy who dumped you.® 


Even pretty girls have problems! 
Just look at fickle, clingy Marnie Michaels! 


She lost her boyfriend! Then she lost her job! But with dogged 
persistence and adorable neediness, not only has she won back 
her ex, but she just might find a new career now that she's realized 
she always secretly wanted...uh...to be a, hmm...how about a singer, 
let's say. Sure, why not? 


There's really nothing more to say about Marnie's story... 
But that won't stop her from dissecting her 
boyfriend problems ad nauseam in her books! 


Marnie comes with 
an iPhone that plays 
an instrumenta 


sion of Kanye 


going to have to dust 


the actor playing 


Also available 


Marnie Has Sex With a Gay Guy 
Marnie and the Guy She Thinks Is Her Boyfriend 


Puncture your inner ear.® 


No one loves drama more than aspiring writer 


Hannah Horvath! Drama, drama, drama! Bath, bath, bath! РД 


Is she bathing to relax after a busy day of begging her parents for money, 
finding things to be offended by and manipulating her friends — or just to 
rid herself of the stench from banging that creepy Gilligan-lookalike, Adam? 
Hannah's as full of surprises as she is urinary tract infections (probably 
from sliding around in that grimy tub!) — like the sudden onset of 
a never-before-mentioned obsessive-compulsive disorder! 


With all that drama and bathing (and itching and stinging) going on, 
how does she ever find time to write? ...Well, actually, she doesn't! 


4x AmericanGIRLS 


with her own 
tub of Cool 
Whip, an 
eBook advance, 
and a lot of weird, 
ill-fitting clothes that 
leave precious little 
to the imagination. 


Look! 


An HPV wart decal 
for you and Hannah 
to share! 


Also available 


A Hannah Horvath Mystery: 
Who Gave Me HPV? 


52 Hannah Helps Her Naked Father Off the Floor 


О a Ala Amn C 
попал: 


Follow your inner Carrie Bradshaw.9 


"JESSA 


“Follow your inner star,” hmm, roight.® 


7 


Smug, sophisticated world traveler or dirty bohemian? | 4 


۱ When you hang out with the likes of 
Vaguely caring friend or wholly insincere brat?! | т БҰНЫ ٠ ያዳ ape 


self-obsessed Hannah, flighty Jessa 
and vacuous Marnie, it's quite a feat to 
come across as the dumb one! 


Jaded, eccentric Jessa Johansson is all that and more — a riddle wrapped 
in a maxi dress topped with a ridiculous hat and wearing a toe ring 
on a filthy foot (because she just seems like the type who'd walk 
around city streets barefoot under those long dresses). Impetuous and 
insensitive, one moment she's marrying some douchebag she just met, 
the next she's explaining her friends' faults to them. Perhaps the 
biggest mystery surrounding Jessa is: once she disappears again, 

why the hell will anyone care? 


But empty-headed Shoshanna Shapiro makes it look easy with her 

unbridled love for Sex and the City, low-budget cable dating game 
shows and an accidental crack-smoking incident. Still, Shoshanna's 
full of surprises — like the fact that despite her ditzy personality, 

she's somehow a math major at NYU. 

There's more to Jessa's story...But dealing with all her 


intimacy issues and sarcastic self-defense mechanisms 
just seems like such an exhausting read. 


There's not much more to Shoshanna's story... 
Discover how we padded it out in her book. 


—s 


Jessa comes 


3x AmericanGIRLS with a shoplifted 


bottle of booze, 


: a cell phone she 
JESSA > never answers and 
two little girls she 
MARRIES can lose. 

SOME | , Hannah can wear all 
DOUCHE of Jessa’s ridiculous 

fashions, too! They 
m וב‎ don't fit her, but that 
E | wont stop Hannah! 


+ AmericanGIRLS 


228 comes Doorman 2 


complete with a 
mini Sex and the City who was 
DVD set, cherry, and like 


al X‏ کم یسنہ 
Hispanic /‏ - 


ор something 
AME 


*Crack not included. Also available 


Bonus! 


What better way to 
attract the attention 
you desperately 
want but will actively 
ignore by wearing a 
bizarre hat? 


Also available 


Jessa's Snot Rocket for Hannah Shoshanna and the Boyfriend With No Ambition 


54 Meet Jessa: "The Whore With No Work Ethic" Ohmygod, Shoshanna Like Totally Misses Her Virginity 


EJ OUR DAILY DREAD DEPT. 


88, ^ |» үа ₪ те; оф н 


ЕНЕ, Devt UI 


- = کے 
| ~ ב | 


2 ; | 
т Е ШП» | "ו‎ WES ጆቹ 


ግ 
ል BEN & JERRY'S FLAVOR 
WE'LL SOON BE SEEING 


EDAM Moore 


н of 
tea Waffe Misused guste ps! ۷۱۲ GOUDA 


aL NE سے‎ 


ux 6377 


TN ; 5519 e" CICE CREAM У 


ALEX RODRIGUEZ'S ELST 
2014 BASEBALL CARD {2 ———2 


E 
hts i ayback'and 


Creatin 
۲ 0 d | 
Slitica Ty 0 ^^. 


OVERHEARD IN LINE TO 
BUY POT IN COLORADO 


So you're saying this will Finally, a way to purchase marijuana! 
increase state tax revenue 
AND make Phish tolerable? | thank God | don't have to 

I'm in! fake glaucoma anymore! 


ہ == 

ም I've got a feeling that bakery next This will really help with my 
door is gonna do alllllll right! New Year's resolution — to 
21 \ ና polish off that box of Mallomars! 


l'm still gonna hang out 
in the high school parking 
lot at 3 o'clock — that's 
never gonna change! 


የ. “Ул. ”یت‎ 
This is great — if there's one thing stoners 
| love, it's waiting patiently in a long line! 
 ሎሁ ርር 
| NX |/ | See you guys same | 
۱ 3 time tomorrow? 


ALEX RODRIGUEZ 


NEW STATS 2014! 
NEW Oli “ т. 
e Seasons of Breaking Bad binge-watched.................... 4 
* Amount of money saved, . 

not having to buy PEDs this ሃ6፳፻...................... $15,000 
e Tostitos eaten, despite having fallen on the floor....... 19 


* Pizza guys who have awkwardly 
accepted unwanted autograph................................... 9 


* Prank calls made to Bud Selig 


WHAT DEADLY 
SLEEP AID 
HAS FINALLY 
BEEN TAKEN OFF 

THE MARKET? 
FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 


FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


IERE WE GO WITH ۸۷ CULOUS 
17 Zu р | ד‎ е |} Ba + ٦ 
MAD F-OLD-IiInN 


THIS MEDICATION HAS BEEN KNOWN TO CAUSE 
TONS OF SLEEP PROBLEMS. DIMINISHED SIGHT 
SHOULD BAR OPERATING ANY MACHINES. FEW 

WILL SUFFER PERMANENTLY. SOME LOSE BOTH 

JOB AND FAMILY. BUT MOST VICTIMS MAY 

LEARN ABOUT THESE MEDS AND JUST SAY NO 


Lg 
Y 
ረጋ 


"y = پر‎ 
1. 525 ee ከ è 


לו 


1 
9 a» 
409. 
TU 


m 
З 


АКЕМ OFF 
THE MARKET? 
ІНЕ MARKET? 


The Kubert School offers a 3-163۲ residential 
program in Cartoon-Graphics®. Taught by 
professionals for aspiring professionals. 

We are accepting applications now for the 
2014-2015 school year. 


Some of our alumni include: 

STEVE BISSETTE - Swamp Thing, Tyrant 

GARRY BROWN - The Massive, Iron Patriot 

CRAIG CERMAK - Red Team 

AMANDA CONNER - Supergirl, Silk Spectre 

SHANE DAVIS - Superman: Earth One 

JAN DUURSEMA - Star Wars 

JARED FLETCHER - DC and Marvel Letterer 

MATT HOLLINGSWORTH - Daredevil, Hawkeye 

HENRIK JONSSON - Detective Comics, Suicide Squad 

ADAM KUBERT - Wolverine, Hulk, Superman, X-Men, Origin Il 
ANDY KUBERT - Origin, 1602, Flashpoint, Nite Owl, Damian 
TOM MANDRAKE - Creeps, Fringe, To Hell You Ride 

CHRIS MOONEYHAM - Five Ghosts 

NICK NAPOLITANO - VP Manufacturing Admin, DC Comics 
BILL PRESING - Rex Steele, Pixar storyboard artist 

ERIC SHANOWER - Age of Bronze, Wizard of Oz 

RICK VEITCH - Swamp Thing, The Big Lie 

LEE WEEKS- Spider-man, Daredevil 


ACCSC 


Pencils: Adam Kubert, class of 1984 Inks: Andy Kubert, class of 1984 
Colors: Brad Anderson, class of 1995 Production: Pete Carlsson, class of 1996 Ku | еди 


THE 220/2 NEWS 
IS WE JUST GOT 
ACCEPTED TO THE 


KUBERT 


٢٢۴۷۵۲۱۷۷ 


