- OUR ANNUAL TRIBUTE TO IHEYEAR'S BIGGEST IDIOTS! - 


anas things 


201 


Starring... 

Miley Cyrus! 
Barack Obama! 
Alex Rodriguez! 
The U.S. Congress! / 
Anthony Weiner! 4 
Paula Deen! 
AND MANY MORE! 


RY 


#525 FEBRUARY 2014 $5.99 CHEAP! 

02 < 

a 

= 

< 

v 

| M s 

0 7447 230775 2 
adm ine.co 


33 
gaz m 


0 
a 


i G 
v SHIPPING 


Ero" 


crest rg For Spy vs Spy™ gear, gifts and more visit STORE 


Spy vs Spy are TM + O E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Constantly 
looking at your 
smartphone can 
really make you 
look stupid! 


NUMBER 525 


2e pa rtments FEBRUARY 2014 


d IT'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


7 LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


8 RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


12) SICK DEGREES OF KEVIN BACON DEPARTMENT 
“The Swallowing” (A MAD TV Satire) 
18 JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 
Spy vs. Spy 


20) IN BLOG We TRUST DEPARTMENT 
Planet Tad!!!!! 


PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Strip Club 


52 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Sleepovers 


56 QUR DAILY DREAD DEPARTMENT 
The Best of the Idiotical 
37 MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 


_ “Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 
-. Various Places Around the Magazine COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON MAD 20 INTRO PAGE PHOTOGRAPHY: IRVING SCHILD 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
@ copyright 2013 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, P.0. Box 8537 Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A 


NOTHING TO FEAR BUT 
SPHERE ITSELF 


In your October issue #523, and in your intended-to-be-funny “The 
Great Outdoors” catalog, you have mentioned the “The Sheep Balls 
Cookbook.” Herewith I would like to highlight some facts about cook- 
ing sheep balls so the common MAD readers may not be misled by 
your catalog. Actually, sheep balls are a very delicious Middle Eastern 
delicacy and normally served as a starter or Mezza. Some of the best 
ways to prepare them is to grill and serve them with lemon sauce or to 
lightly fry and serve them with some chopped herbs and spices. Since 
sheep balls are one of my favorite dishes, I am considering prepar- 
ing them the way you have suggested in your catalog: roasted, with 
honey, thyme and jalapefio, It sounds like a delicious way to prepare 
them, I am seriously serious about that. 


The Six Million Dollar Manar — Sadly, you've exposed us as the unworldly 
brutes we actually are. Sure, we put on fancy airs, but none of us has ever 
been out of state, let alone overseas, So in an attempt to undo the damage 
caused by our comedic exceptionalism, we cooked up a steaming pot of 
sheep balls in your honor! How did we like it, you ask? To make a long story 
short: most of our sick days have been wiped out, the carpets have needed 
multiple steam-cleanings and the company kitchen has been airing out for 
days. Thanks for setting us straight, Manar — you've reminded us why we've 
never gone anywhere! —Ed. 


MAD BLURBS PART 1 


In a recent article posted on Entertainment Weekly's site, Guillermo Del Toro 
talked about creating the opening credits for the most recent Simpsons 
Treehouse of Horrors episode: 


Del Toro wound up creating a mash-up love letter to all sorts of his 
horror/fantasy inspirations in paying tribute to The Simpsons, while 
taking a page from MAD magazine's Mort Drucker, Will Elder and 
Harvey Kurtzman. “They would try to cram so many references in,” 
he says. “You as a kid could spend an afternoon on your bed with 
your magnifying glass going through a frame of MAD magazine and 
finding all these references to this and that.” 


MAD CELEBRITY SNAP! 
NIFTY FIFTY EDITION! 


Raffaele Petruzzi of Los Angeles, CA sent in this awe- 
some Celebrity Snap of Thor himself, Chris Hemsworth! 
And since Hemsworth is on our Nifty Fifty list of Celebrity 
Snaps, Raffaele will not only get all of this issue's give- 
aways, but he'll also get a two-year MAD subscription! 
AND, because this is one of the first six 
Nifty Fifty Celebrity Snaps that we're 
running, Raffaele ALSO gets a limited 
edition “flocked” “Batman Black and 
White” statue by Sergio Aragonés! So 
start sending in those pics and let us 
shower you with love! 


THE MONSTER MASH-UP 


I would like if you could feature any of these parodies 
in future issues of MAD. I’m not expecting you to put 
these into your magazines, but if you do you can play 
around with them as much as you want. Anyways, 
here are the parodies me, August and Brayden (my 
two best friends) came up with for horror movies: 
“Nightmare on Elmo Street,” “Fed-Exorcist,” “Clash of 
the Tight-Pants,” “Barney the 13th” and “Paranormal 
Activity Books.” 


The Bigger They Come, the Carter They Fall — We're 
tempted to fill five or six pages of our next issue with one 
of your titles, but we can't decide on which one to use. 
Senior Editor Joe Raiola is arguing vociferously for "Barney 
the 13th" — he's wanted to see Baby Bop hacked to pieces 
for years — while Senior Editor Charlie Kadau is arguing 
just as forcefully for "Clash of the Tight-Pants," as he's 
secretly turned on by the Kraken. So while we'd like noth- 
ing more than to make you, August and Brayden rich and 
famous, this stalemate likely spells doom for your pitch. As 
a consolation, though, you guys do get to see your names 
printed on the same letters page as a guy who eats sheep 
balls. It doesn't get much better, does it? —Ed. 


THE 7 
224777) 
б.о 10 252 О» am 0) Cx 
Ста OL WEE Vw ose о GREATEST 
ARTISTS 


THE CALL OF THE MILD 


| Ч rt FIRE], FIRE! 
ur 
5 Z 
1 M S £ 
7: — е 
[мд 


vd 


à 


LESCT 28 dini саг 


A677 хай EG дь 
tista RE ч. 


л 
797) m val Re ° 


FEATURING DAVE'S GREATEST 
“THE LIGHTER SIDE OF...” EPISODES! 


WITH AN INTRODUCTION AND 
AN EXCLUSIVE NEW PORTRAIT OF DAVE 
BY DREW FRIEDMAN! 


INCLUDES EARLY BERG PIECES! 
FAMILY PHOTOS! A RARE INTERVIEW! 


PLUS 32 MAD ARTISTS ILLUSTRATE 
NEW AND CLASSIC “THE LIGHTER SIDE OF...” STRIPS! 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


TCM: B-A-D 
We don't how it happened (legal threats, bodily harm, etc.) but somehow 
Dick DeBartolo, MAD's Maddest Writer (and the Giz Wiz) got to co-host an 
entire evening of movie satires with his Turner Classic Movies idol, Robert 
Osborne. Dick selected four of his favorite honest-to-goodness satires (vs. 
plain old comedies). His picks: Woody Allen's Love & Death; Neil Simon's 
Murder by Death; a lesser-known satire, Support Your Local Sheriff, and his 
very favorite, This is Spinal Tap. The program aired in early October, and to 
TCM's credit, it will not be repeated. Throughout the entire evening, Robert 
“proudly” (his word) wore an Alfred E. Neuman pin that Dick had presented 
to him. Rumors that Dick so/d the pin to Robert seem groundless...for now. 


THE ART OF SAVING 


I have been buying your magazine for a long time and you have 
always included the word CHEAP! next to the price. Have you noticed 
that with today’s inflation and poor economy, $5.99 (plus tax) IS 
NOT CHEAP! When MAD costs more than a gallon of gasoline, 
there’s something terribly wrong! Of course you'll be cordial in 
inviting me to subscribe and save big, so that the word CHEAP will 
really mean something. 


Troy Edwardes • Fairfield, CA 


Troy Story — Had we “noticed that with today’s inflation and poor economy, 
$5.99 (plus tax) is not cheap”? Of course we hadn't, dear boy! Ever since we 
began charging so much for our magazine, we've become fabulously, despica- 
bly wealthy — in the process completely losing touch with the common man! 
Sure, we're sometimes forced to speak to our chauffeurs — and on occasion 
our personal valets need to know which Rolex we're in the mood for — but 
for the most part, our days are filled with expansive penthouse views and 
perfectly-chilled flutes of Armand de Brignac. Now, we must be off — our 
fleet of private jets is waiting to whisk us off to a weekend at the roulette 
tables in Monaco — but first, we cordially invite you to subscribe by visiting 
SubscribeMadMagazine.com or calling 1-800-4-MADMAG! Who knows — with 
the money you'll save by subscribing, you might be able to buy you and your 
other hobo friends a can or two of beans! —Ed. 


THE SHOW MUST GO ON AND ON 


It's rare that anything related to MAD should be cel- 
ebrated, rather than reviled, but this may just be the 
exception! In November, Cartoon Network aired the 100th 
episode of MAD! A huge congratulations to Peter Girardi, 
Sam Register, Kevin Shinick, Mark Marek and the rest of 
the team who tarnished MAD's reputation by putting our 
name on something that was actually successful! 


MISINFORMATION 
SUPERHIGHWAY 


I noticed the Facebook insert in your "Letters and 
Tomatoes" department demanding that we "Like" you and 
Ibegan to think what there is to like about you. I don't 
"feel good" about the Internet as it is. How can you feel 
good about an information station with social sites? And, 
besides, how popular do you guys wanna get? 


Fred Garzone - Philadelphia, PA 


Dawn of the Fred — Don't think too hard about what there is to 
like about us — you're not going to get very far. As to your inci- 
sive, probing questions: you can feel good about the Internet (or, 
as you so succinctly describe it, "an information station with social 
sites") by visiting sites that you enjoy. Need some recommenda- 
tions? Judging by your letter's questionable content and shaky 
handwriting, we think you'd probably like WeepingSores.com, 
RhinoRomance.net and the Huffington Post. As to your second 
question: we'd love to be popular, but not so popular that we can't 
walk outside for our daily bag of Andy Capp Hot Fries. In short, 
somewhere between Leonardo DiCaprio and Fred Garzone. —Ed. 


LIKE MAD ON FACEBOOK! 


We're on Facebook! You should go there and "Like" us. Go on... 
it'll make you feel good about the Internet! (Even you, Garzone!) 


madmagazine.com 


7 "ое 


PLENTY OF NAME TO GO 
AROUND 


It is no secret that your fine (feh) publication has a colorful 
history of poking fun at readers' names. Heck, it might be 
some kind of time-honored tradition or something. Well, 
my name is Daniel Goodroad and I've heard it all. Going 
back as far as my days in grammar school. Bad street, bad 
path...I dunno...beefy face (grammar-school kids aren't that 
creative). So, what do you got for me? Hit me with your best 
shot. And if you think you can just throw out some hack- 
neyed play on “Dan,” well, that's your prerogative. But will 
you be able to look yourself in the mirror in the morning? 


Daniel Goodroad « St. Paul, MN 


Dan Solo — We were tempted to make fun of your ridiculous 
last name, but as you can see from our dreadful "Dan Solo" pun, 
we're much more interested in throwing out a hackneyed play on 
"Dan." After all, as you know from reading MAD, hackneyed hu- 
mor is our stale, flavorless bread and butter! As to being able to 
look ourselves in the mirror, that's something we've never done 
with much success. For one thing, none of us are particularly at- 
tractive, and for another, considering where our lives have taken 
us, we're none too eager to stare into the barren wastelands of 
our hideously misspent existences. Now where were we? Oh, 
that's right — thanks for writing, Wu-Tang Dan! —Ed. 


n qun 


ration by John Van Fleet. 


SUL MU IO 23 XUL. “rg 


A (HEADLESS) BODY OF WORK 


Recently, MAD's own Al 
Jaffee was presented with 
this life-sized bust (em- 
phasis on bust!) by artist 
Linda Shea, who covered 
it with MAD art from doz- 
ens of issues. Shea was a 
school teacher in Califor- 
nia who was such a huge 
MAD fan, she introduced 
every kid in her classes 
| to MAD (before eventu- 
| all being stripped of her 
| 


Tomatoes 


MAD BLURBS PART 2 


| 

МАР gets mentioned in Jouland, Stephen King's recent | 
novel! King has said that he will be retiring soon, which \ | 
| 

"He shook his finger at me. 'Sarcasm will get you 1 | 


makes sense — when you start name-dropping MAD in 
your work, it’s definitely time to pack it in! 

nowhere in life, boy. Unless you're angling for a ! 
writing job at Mad Magazine, that is.” 


license and turning to art, c | 


—From Joyland by Stephen King we assume)! 


READER ALERT 


If you had your letter printed in this issue, hoooo boy are you in for 
some goodness. You'll be getting Blu-ray/DVD combo sets of both 
Fast & Furious 6 and Despicable Me 2 — plus a Minion beanie! — 
all from our chums at Universal Studios Home Entertainment; Star 
Wars Art: Concept, from our buds at Abrams Books; Assassina- INA ron 
tioni: The Brick Chronicle of Attempts on the Lives of Twelve U.S. RC ures 
Presidents, from our amigos at Skyhorse Publishing, Inc.; the 3-DVD 
set, The History of WWE: 50 Years of Sports Entertainment from 
our compadres at WWE; and one randomly-selected DC Universe 
Pop! Vinyl figure from our pals at Funko! If you didn't get these 
goodies, don't beat yourself up — they're all on sale now! But may- 
be next time you'll write us a letter, eh, cubby? 


2-4 


222 


КЕЛ, 
Ё 


1 


STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT, AND CIRCULATION 


1, Publication Title: MAD. 2, Publication No.: 324-520. 3, Filing Date: October 30, 2013. 4. Issue Frequency: Bimonthly. 5, Number of Issues Published Annually: 6. 6. Annual Subscription Price: $19.99, 7, Complete Mailing 
Address of Known Office of Publication: MAD, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905. Contact Person: Jeff Boison. Telephone: 212-636-5924. 8. Complete Mailing Address of Headquarters or General Business Office of 
Publisher: MAD, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905. 9, Full Names and Complete Mailing Addresses of Publisher, Editor, and Managing Editor: Publishers: Dan DiDio and Jim Lee, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019- 
5905. Managing Editor: John Ficarra, 1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905. 10. Owner: E.C. Publications, Inc., wholly owned by Time Warner, a publicly held corporation. Complete Mailing Address: E.C. Publications, Inc., 
1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019-5905. 11. Known Bondholders, Mortgagees, and Other Security Holders Owning or Holding 1 Percent or More of Total Amount of Bonds, Mortgages, or Other Securities: None. 13. Publica- 
tion Title: MAD. 14. Issue Date for Circulation Data Below: October, 2013, MAD 523. 15. Extent and Nature of Circulation: a. Total Number of Copies (Net Press Run): Average No. Copies Each Issue During Preceding 12 Months: 
298,802; No. Copies of Single Issue Published Nearest to Filing Date: 288,383. b. Paid Circulation (By Mail and Outside the Mail): (1) Mailed Outside-County Paid Subscriptions Stated on PS Form 3541 (Include paid distribution 
above nominal rate, advertiser's proof copies, and exchange copies): 84,732; 85,582. (2) Mailed In-County Paid Subscriptions Stated on PS Form 3541 (Include paid distribution above nominal rate, advertiser's proof copies, 
and exchange copies): 0; 0. (3) Paid Distribution Outside the Mails Including Sales Through Dealers and Carriers, Street Vendors, Counter Sales, and Other Paid Distribution Outside USPS®: 82,046; 73,595. (4) Paid Distribution 
by Other Classes of Mail Through the USPS (e.g. First-Class Mail®): 0; 0. c. Total Paid Distribution (Sum of 15b (1), (2), (3), and (4)): 166,777; 159,177. d. Free or Nominal Rate Distribution (By Mail and Outside the Mail): (1) 
Free or Nominal Rate Outside-County Copies included on PS Form 3541: 0; 0. (2) Free or Nominal Rate In-County Copies Included on PS Form 3541: 0; 0. (3) Free or Nominal Rate Copies Mailed at Other Classes Through the 
USPS (e.g, First-Class Mail): 0; 0. (4) Free or Nominal Rate Distribution Outside the Май (Carriers or other means): 0; 0. e. Total Free or Nominal Rate Distribution (Sum of 154 (1), (2), (3) and (4)): 0; 0. f. Total Distribution (Sum 
of 15c and 156): 166,777; 159,177. g. Copies not Distributed: 132,025; 129,206. h. Total (Sum of 15f and g): 298,802; 288,383. i. Percent Paid (15c divided by 15f times 100: 100%; 100%. 17. Publication of Statement of Owner- 
ship: Will be printed in the February (#525) issue of this publication. 18. | certify that all information furnished on this form is true and complete. 


Dan DiDio, Co-Publisher, MAD, October 31, 2013 


MAD #526 is on sale February 25! 


ADMINISTRATION 


FOR SUBSCRIPTION QUESTIONS: Go to the MAD website! 


William Gaines Founder 
John Ficarra VP & Executive Editor 


| 
EDITORIAL | 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Editors | 
Dave Croatto Editor 

Jacob Lambert Associate Editor | 


ART DEPARTMENT 

Sam Viviano Art Director 

Ryan Flanders Associate Art Director 
Doug Thomson Assistant Art Director 
Lana Limón Production Artist 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


Diane Nelson President 
Dan DiDio and Jim Lee Co-Publishers 
Geoff Johns Chief Creative Officer 


John Rood Executive VP — Sales, 
Marketing & Business Development 


Amy Genkins Senior VP — Business & 
Legal Affairs 


Nairi Gardiner Senior VP — Finance 
Jeff Boison VP — Publishing Planning 
John Cunningham VP — Marketing 


Terri Cunningham VP — Editorial 
Administration 


Anne DePies VP — Strategy Planning & 
Reporting 

Amit Desai Senior VP — Franchise 
Management 


Alison Gill Senior VP — Manufacturing & 
Operations 


Bob Harras Senior VP — Editor-in-Chief, 
DC Comics 


Jason James VP — Interactive Marketing 


Hank Kanalz Senior VP — Vertigo & 
Integrated Publishing 


Jay Kogan VP — Business and Legal Affairs, 
Publishing 


Jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs, Talent 


Nick Napolitano VP — Manufacturing 
Administration 


Sue Pohja VP — Book Sales 
Courtney Simmons Senior VP — Publicity 
Bob Wayne Senior VP — Sales 


All you need is your name and zip code to renew, change 
your address, give a gift subscription, check your account 
balance and expiration dates or to request a missing issue. 
Just go to www.madmagazine.com or call 1-800-4MADMAG 
(U.S. and Canada only) or write to P.O. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 
75755-8537! Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail 

our New York office — we're too dumb to help you here! 


HOW TO REACH US: MAD, Dept. 525, 1700 Broadway, New 
York, NY, 10019. Or e-mail us at letters&madmagazine.com! 
All letters to the editor and accompanying photos or other 
materials may be edited and published in any MAD publication 
in any format and will not be returned. 

MAD welcomes reader submissions, Manuscripts will not 

be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope! 

MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 

Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 

VISIT US ONLINE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


You Con Never Improve on the Classics... 
€ven though theres PLENTY of room for improvement! 


0 
m 


MA 


: MAD : оро оза 
NAD. SERDE 
Ü ya PROUDLY 
š PRESENTS 
ITS 


MAD issues 
#99 – 131 
(1965—1969) 
are now 
available on 
the iPAD! 


Download 
them through 
the 


in the 
iTunes store! 


Only 


$1.99 
an issue! 


(So much cheaper 
than the cost of 
developing a 
time machine and 
travelling back 
to buy the 
original issues!) 


Relive the disappointment — DIGITALLY! 


тне FUNDALINIPAGeS 


SECRETS EDWARD SNOWDEN IS STILL SITTING ON Downton Abbey Character 


Ёс ë or Drag Queen? 
i Я 1. Lady Chablis 5. James St. James 10. Charles Pierce 
2. Francis Leon 6. Mary Dale Ti. Amber LeMay of 
3. The Widow 7. Dame Edna the House of LeMay 
Norton Everage 12. Rickard Engfors 
4. Julian Eltinge 8. Michelle DuBarry 18. Issan Dorsey 


9. Victoria Parker 


President Obama's free throw Ironically, there's a Mexican wrestler The minister who officiated at the Clintons’ 


percentage in White House pickup named Carlos Danger who uses the ring wedding was not licensed, meaning Bill 
games is a lousy 64% name “Antonio Weiner” never technically committed adultery 


Writer: Jeff Kruse Artist: Anton Emdin 


The identities of two additional Simpsons The secret to a thicker, tastier omelette? ANSWERS Tek question OUTS all drag queens! And uou он ourself. ошай! 


The Fast 5 


Wait until your parents die from the stress of working to 
support you, then use your inheritance to pay off the loans. 


Visit your elderly grandparents every week and tell them 
it’s your birthday. At $20 a visit, your $50,000 loan will be 
licked in just under 50 years! 


Figure out how to manage your money by taking a class at 
the local college. 


Get everyone you know to sponsor you for a marathon, 
then run one five times a week, indefinitely. 


Writer: Matt Lassen 
Artist: Kevin Pope 


’s simple: just take out another loan. 
characters that are gay One tablespoon of cream cheese Mina sss tae aa 727727 Жин 
RE GEN UNE Cl OB E dd. RAND PAUL RESPONDS TO ACCUSATIONS OF PLAGIARISM 
Eckstein Marks the Spot! Celebrity Cause-of-Death Betting Odds хас q 


Hello, I'm Kentucky 
Senator Rand Paul. Recently, $ 
people һауе taken а closer look at тапу of ту 
speeches and writings. They're charging that | 
plagiarized, copied and in some cases cut and 
pasted pages of material from the Associated 
Press, think tank studies, various articles 
and Wikipedia. 


Succumbs to STD contracted 
during VMA performance 
| with Robin Thicke.................. 


| * Electrocuted when tongue 
| accidentally touches 
downed power line................ 


Kills self when ass 
cheeks no longer able 
to transfix the nation.......... 


| welcome this kind 
of examination, because people 
have got to know whether or not 
their future president is a crook. 
Well, | am not a crook. 


Massive aneurysm 
when those two stupid 
knots in her hair are 


tied much too tight.............. For the past two 
` weeks you have been reading 
Felled by congenital about the bad break | got. Yet today | 
consider myself the luckiest man on the 


| 3 achy breaky heart defect...... 

face of the earth. And yet my critics beat on, 
boats against the current, borne back cease- 
lessly into the past. Frankly, my dear, | don't 
give a damn — the only thing worse 
than being talked about is not 
being talked about. 


Crushed by catastrophic 
crane malfunction while 
filming video for 
“Wrecking Ball" remix....... 


KING KONG 2013 | 
mI 
EAT 


8 Writer and Artist, Bob Eckstein Artist: Rick Tulka 


accuse me of plagiarism? | cannot 
tell a lie: | have nothing to offer but blood, 
toil, tears and sweat. Nobody puts 
Baby in a corner! 


This has damaged my 
political brand, which is based on my 
unique personal vision: I think, therefore | am. 
If you build it, they will come. Genius is 1% 
inspiration, 99% perspiration. 


Listen closely when | say 
this, footnote police: tread lightly. 
I am the one who knocks. | have always 
depended on the kindness of strangers. Help 
will always be given at Hogwarts to those 
who ask for it. | want to take a ride on 
your disco stick. Not the bees! 
Not the bees!!! 


And so, farewell 
from your little droog. 


° Writer: 0 
Hasta la vista, baby! Desmond Devlin 
Seacrest...out! Artist: 
Tom Bunk 


THe FUnbDaLini PaGes 


MEDICALERT BRACELETS ‘Walkin the Parkhurst 
WE?LL SEE NOW THAT | 
OBESITY IS A “DISEASE” | 


i id yo 
ж My pulse can be taken between the sixth ani - 5 
i d seventh folds on the right-center of my side-neck. TAX 


oe 


ı g |f my windpipe is blocked with f 

d ith food, please attempt |‏ وا س 

4 TI — to Mush it through with Cherry-Vanilla Dr Pepper. =) 
E —— | 


Ж If | am in a coma, please do not attemptto | = 
` zA resuscitate me until the McRib is being offered again. ex 


— 


“So you think you're just going to go and die for 
everyone's sins — well, not with THAT hair you're not!" 


Writer and Artist: Teresa Burns Parkhurst 


9/7 yet While being transported to the hospital, Г 
z = J please have the ambulance swing by a McDonald's, ®; 6 Degrees of Separation 
£v — A=——>n Between Anuone and Anuthins 


? ease make sure that your own mouth is 5 2 Җ CAN YOU LINK THE POLAR 
= ” a make ын улс ЕГ [4 ICE с APS TO TIM TEBOW? 


m — Writer: Stan Sinberg Artist: John Kerschbaum 
мү Ж In case of low blood su i 
£ 2\ 9 gar, there is an 


In the event of mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, 


emergency ham sandwich in my pants pocket. R i 


i 1 ke 
ye If | have passed out in a TGI Fridays, please mat 
, _@ ше that my “Get Ме More Stripes” card is credited 228 ? 


~ accordingly before removing me trom the premises. @ x 
NS 


Ж If there is any danger of me swallowii 
ug 22 ) wing 
E -Ф ту tongue, instead of putting a wallet in my e 


^ y mouth, please use a well-marinated rib-eye. The Polar Ice Caps 
| are constantly Old People 
Artist: Bob Staake | shrinking in size, аз are... who move from up north 
се е СЕ s - | to Miami, ав did... 
The WeissAcre So, BER 


225 


LeBron James 


who blocks a WA — 
lot of shots, as do... Bodyguards 
who provide undercover 
ru protection, as do... 


Condoms 
which can sit unused, 


YEAH, SORRY FoR LEERING. My INTERNET’S Down.” for years, as does... 


Tim Tebow! 


10 Writer and Artist: Steven Weissman 


INTERNATIONAL 
Р 


MUSEUM 


WASHINGTON DC 


For Spy vs. Spy™ gear, gifts and more visit STORE 


Spy vs. Spy are ™ + © E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DRE 
PERS 5 142 WA 


© SICK DEGREES OF KEVIN BACON DEPT. Ë 
And so we begin the FOX series in which Kevin Bacon plays an alco- 
holic FBI agent with a pacemaker, called out of retirement to track 
The Following Program is rated: down a weird, bloody cult obsessed with the poet Edgar Allan Poe. | 
This show’s premise is so patently absurd and unbelievable, it’s a | 


language Throat Slashing zu | 
Violence Eyes Gouged every 2 episodes | чола n ler the producers were able to attract enough fans willing to do... .2 
z ee 
Gruesomeness Will make you Toss Your Cookies Р REE ELE 
Blood Dismemberment 5 5 
More Blood Decapitation ши ea lm a dedicated FBI man and 
259 I’ve been stabbed in the hear the field partner to Ruin 5 

Ear Slitting Disembowelment and have a pacemaker. I'm also Hottie. This guy is a rock star! You guessed it. /т Joe Carver! I'm Dilemma, Either 
Yet More Blood a borderline alcoholic with I would do anything for him. Hmm. Let's see. How can | and these are Are we gay? It's a crazy way 
Side Splitting (not side-splitting laughter. Just side splitting) zero personality. Yet somehow | The big question is: would Ф describe myself? Okay, try my friends, Are we dynamic. When you 

Not Recommended for fans of Well-Written, hour-long Dramas I'm the guy the FBI called out Ў | take a bullet for Hottie? Yes, | this: hire a cook. Have her get Jocko and straight? the three of us are look 

of retirement to catch maniac || | would take a bullet for him. a mixing bowl. Toss in a bit Pill. We are Are we bi? alone in a room 


| Joe Carver! Some people have In fact, last Thursday | took а [ of Hannibal Lecter, a touch of definitely Are we we never know 
compared me to Jack Bauer case of two dozen full metal 7 Charles Manson, garnish with the creepiest, hetero? whether it's going 
of 24. They're wrong! Jack P jackets from the FBI munitions a little Ted Bundy and Jack weirdest Are we to end in sex 
Bauer was a detached, dour, | depot and gave it to Hottie so the Ripper. Stir it all together. trio on TV. from planet or someone being 
emotionless investigator. that he could re-load. Would guit Then kill the cook. That's me! Ever! Earth? slashed to pieces. 
I'm not as upbeat or as perky | actually take one in the 
as Bauer. Welcome to Six chest for him? Come on. I said 
Degrees of Kevin Boredom! | was dedicated, not nutso! 


Call me Fred. It's not my real 
name, of course... but would 
you give your real name if your 
dad was a serial killer and your 
mom was dreaming of romance 
with a dry-cleaner? And you 
thought the kid in Two and a 
Half Men grew up in a weird 
household! Speaking of Two 
and a Half Men...that describes 
my dad's three best friends 
after one of them annoyed в | 


I'm Clairol. | look normal 
but | could have more 
issues than anyone. | 

spend my life going from 

crazy man to crazy man. 
I'm the ex-wife of serial 
killer Joe and also had an 
affair with the moody, 
erratic FBI agent Hottie. 
Whew, do | pick ‘em! Just 
once, couldn't | hook up 
with a nice dry-cleaner? 


I'm FBI agent Dulla Pucker. Nuke Donavan, supervising А 2 Somehow Joe's cult followers are every- 

| was born to be in law agent of the Cult Investigative E where. We are clerks, salesmen, students, 
enforcement. | was the only Team. I'm a career FBI man! 1 rocket scientists and law enforcement. If you 
kid whose doll house was 1 can't believe how "soft" the 1 haven't already guessed, I'm not the rocket 

wrapped in yellow crime scene bureau's gotten. We captured 4 scientist. I'm Nightstick, a state trooper 

tape! When my older brother Dillinger, grabbed Capone, and Joe’s right hand man. If anyone gives 
teased me, I'd tase him and roughed up John Gotti and Joe trouble | hack off their right hand! | also |l 
lock him in the shed! | once the Unabomber. Now we can't gouge eyes, crush bodies under tractors Ё 
arrested my Betsy Wetsie doll take down a poetry-obsessed | п and carve up people into little pieces and 
for public urination! I'm going death cult! What's next? | { deposit their remains in different counties. 
to get Joe Carver or die trying. The gang from Glee dousing 9 Kids in the cult have given me a nickname. 
Oops! Spoiler alert! us with fruit smoothies? | They call me “The Voice of Reason”! 


Agent Hottie This is the 

will lead this I'll be brief. Carver is obsessed prison cell Through That'll end. 
investigation. with Edgar Allan Poe. He likes to > | where Joe a When he's back 
He knows Carver slice people into little pieces and The man | recruited computer, in prison we'll 
better than anyone. | | he has a T-Mobile two-year plan. is insane! his L he stop him from 

SSS followers gained connecting 

А using the | | а devoted to the 
Internet. Ё outside world. |` 


[тт Nes! 
ЯМ 

ЇЇ! 

Ef 9 AM to 12 noon 

Killing! 


insanity. That's good. I'm comfortable with that. schedule... 


0 


room. I'm also feeling a lot of genuine psychopathic Here is your | «i 
di 


(12:30 PM to 4PM 
More Killing! 


Li 


Hottie, I'm safe here. These young One slight problem. No. They literally came out of the 
Joe escaped | | I have two neighbors men are nice, They came out of closet. They dug a tunnel from their 
from prison. looking in on me. polite and the closet. apartment to mine and insist on secretly 
He's probably n clean cut. 
coming H He's got crazy cult 2 
after you! — followers all over. That's good. “> They're gay. Big deal. 
< < "ШЕ = Z 772222 


That's not a problem. 


This time we have 
him surrounded! 


We had Joe back in Rookie mistake, 
full-security prison but 
he killed five guards 
and escaped again. 


Pestin’! This is one of 
those scenes where 
we think we have 
him trapped but his 
followers appear from 
out of nowhere! 


Ё ё Y 


We're o 
using the latest 
tech FBI tracking 
and surveillance 
equipment! 


| care about you, Clairol. 
| want to change your name 
to Annabel Lee and meet at 
the lighthouse. We'll sip ale, 
write sonnets and perhaps 
both grow droopy mustaches. 


ji‏ سے 


We've tracked 
Carver and his 
cult to an 18th 
century mansion/ 
compound. t 


Okay, 
| get it. 
You like 
Edgar 


[| Allan 
Poe! 


11111411 £41 


Look out for the = 


| the pizza guy... | | there's a toddler! 


You're going to have 
to do better than that! 
Activate the FBI image 

analysis and forensic 

audio machines! 


Okay, he’s some- 
where between 
Roanoke, Virginia Ї2 


on the eastern and Schenectady, 


you'll also believe there is no 
global warming, bookstores 
are “thriving” and Mayim 
Bialik will be the next 
“Bachelorette”! Mopey will 
be with me in two panels! 


hidden away in 
| family again. Î a secret loc 


[I 


We just 
missed them! 


Could 
you 
make 
outthe 
plates? 


Are you 
sure it's 
them? 


Partial 


Partial 5 
prints. 


plates. 


Any 
prints? 


We have a lot to celebrate. My son and my wife 
are with us, and | have completed another chapter in 
my book. To lighten your mood, check out the laser 


screens above you. We are showing the “wood 
chipper” scene from Fargo. Also, refreshments — [|| 
/| be sure to try the Bloody Marys. It would be a shame 
if all the members named Mary died for nothing! 


In past weeks we've 
witnessed torture, 
beheadings, death 
by box cutter and 
now people buried 
alive! This group 
will stop at nothing 
to get attention. 


I'm talking 
about FOX! 
American Idol 
is losing 
heat and 
M the network 
is using 
our show to 
grab ratings! 
- y 


Partial 
body. 


YA 
Your mother and | have ап 
arrangement. She watches [ 
you for ten months 
a year...and / kidnap you 
for two months! 


201 
“| Welcome to 
my home, 


у І hope rll be 


2А 
Yes. Why до уои ask? 


In regular school, 
fathers come 
to talk about their 
occupations. I’m not 
sure | want you there 
on Career Day! 


Internal 
bleeding! [3 like CSI and NCIS it's called 
thing for  инллэ 


little some- 


It was a trap! A set-up! 


It's all part of the 
final chapter of my book. 


I lured you here with that Ë 


fake Internet feed so that 
you could watch Clairol 
die and you could die! 


On other police dramas 


stabbing. On this show 
it’s called “foreplay.” 


You've done 
horrific things, 
Joe. What 
were you 


expecting — a 


I can't believe 
you knifed me! 


You're pure evil, Joe! 
For 16 years 
you've killed, 
you've impaled, 
you've ripped faces 
off people! 


finally | have 
something 
for you! 


You'll never 
< | get me, Pace- 
maker Boy! 


Three Stooges 
“nose-twist”? 


Actually, 
it's 
this 
book 
on 
anger 
manage- 
ment! 


Joe's dead. We're perfectly Whoa! So many questions: why are Those are good. Here are mine: 
safe in this abandoned, Who's It's Hysteria, they always young and pretty? how can a failed lit professor 
isolated cabin in the the Why is it always knives and and lunatic writer afford 
middle of nowhere. visitor? $ friend of mine. ice picks and never guns? an 18th-century mansion, 
Why She joined How do they know exactly a 50-acre estate and private 
is she Joe's cult and where we are? And. . .why helicopter rentals? Also, why 
slashing now wants wasn't the door locked? haven't | smiled since the early 

revenge! scenes of A Few Good Men? 


Really? Ya think? 


Whew. - Okay, Let's take What about 
A lot of Yeah, our a body count. 


Agent Agent Hottie? - 
damage ratings spiked. Fiendish cult leader, Rucker = Я After 18 years, Donavan quit 
in that We even Joe Carver...? 399 + Could be living. Could Ё the Bureau. Couldn't take all the 
final || edged out Ice f T z: be dead. With his facial misery and dispair! He joined 
episode. | | Road Truckers! 


4 expression, hard to tell. the Chicago Cubs as a coach! 


Agent Donavan? 


It was a tough year. You mean This has gotta 
| was beaten to a pulp in, the censors? stop! This show 
like, 12 of the 15 3 The viewers? 5 is giving and stomach- 
episodes, but I'm looking There've been = serial killers churning is about as 
forward to next season. complaints this series No, these a bad name! violence and ЇР | menacing 
is way too graphic. people! brought it to as a Say Yes 
It's creeping a lot It's creeping a despicably to the Dress 
of people out. THEM out! low level! rerun! 


What are you 
talking about? 


They've taken 8 Next to 
blood splatter their series, 


our series 


There may not be 
a next season. 


= 
А. 7/ 


| ПТ ЇЇ | | i 


WRITER AND ARTIST: PETER KUPER 


ey IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


eoo 


a People Making Duck Faces га Ducks Making People Faces 


С @ Q http://www.planettad.com/profile/12-2013 


PLANET TAD 


»NAME: TAD »AGE: .14 CENTURIES »WEIGHT, EXPRESSED IN TADS: 1 


DECEMBER 18, 2013 

A So, tonight my little sister Sophie 
said she wanted to watch “Jack 

Frost”, so | called it up on Netflix for 

her. But | wasn’t paying close attention, 

because it turns out there are two 


DECEMBER 19, 2013 


So, tonight at dinner, Sophie mentioned that she’s going to be house-sitting for 
our neighbors, the Grahams, when they go away for Christmas and New Year’s. 
| asked her, “Why'd they ask you? They usually ask me." And she said, “I dunno. 
Maybe you're not responsible enough. They said something about how, when they 
went away for two weeks last summer, you forgot to water their plants.” And | said, 
movies called “Jack Frost” on Netflix. “That's not true! | watered them!” And she said, “Well, they said they all died, so 
maybe you didn't water them often enough." And | said, "I was supposed to water 
# them more than once?” And Sophie said, “This is why they asked me to house-sit.” 
{CHAFEE KENTON 
sc ^ р: 2 It's fine, though. From ` 4 as E 
accede Eu reflect the proportion of 
breakfast and lunch in the meal. 


aquarium, and he's asked It should be *breakfunch". 
her to feed all his tropical 


fish. | don't like fish. They 
creep me out, always 
staring at you with those 
big eyes, and alternating 
between drifting around 
aimlessly and then darting 
around super-fast. It's the 
same reason | can't watch 
Angelina Jolie movies. 


wf LATEST TWEETS 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 
What would the Lorax think 
about all the trees being 
chopped down to print 
“The Lorax”? 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 

I was really excited to see 
“The Wolf of Wall Street", but 
then | found out there aren't 
any wolves in it, and it's just 
about some guy. 

Guess which one she wanted to watch? 
And guess which one I accidentally called 
up? And guess who's now in trouble 
because his sister can't sleep? 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 42m 
It’s weird how we all just accept 
that candy bars have nougat in 
them, even though none of us 
know what nougat is. 
DECEMBER 20, 2013 

My dad and | watched "It's a Wonderful Life" on TV tonight, and at the end of 

it, the words “THE END” came up huge on the screen. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 
It'd suck to have Dr. Seuss 
as your doctor. “Why do you 
feel lousy? Why do you feel 
drowsy? | know the answer, 
and the answer is cancer!” 


I'm not sure why old movies always end with “THE END”. | guess maybe, when movies were 
new, people used to sit in their seats for hours, all confused, wondering when the movie 
would start up again. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 


PONES TERRE, SR гот SS ES — UMEN CHI OEE T E EE PS үст 


DECEMBER 22, 2013 


А This afternoon, Sophie came to my room and said, “I 
need your help.” Which surprised me, because Sophie 

never asks for my help. | asked her what she needed, and 

she said, “Just come with me,” and led me next door, to the 


Grahams’ place. 


It turns out, one of the Grahams’ fish was floating upside 
down in the aquarium. Sophie said, "They don't ever swim like 
that, do they?" And I said, "No. It's dead. But so what? They 
seem to have plenty of others." And she said, "No! That's 

Mr. Graham's favorite! He pointed it out to me because it was 
so pretty! He even gave it a name!" I said, "Please don't tell 
me the name that he—" But before I could finish, Sophie 


said, "Finny!" 


DECEMBER 23, 2013 


Sophie and | went up to 
the Age of Aquariums, 
the local fish store, today. 
The fish store creeps me out 
— between the strange fish 
smell, and the feeling of all 
those wet, beady fish eyes on 
me, and the sales guy who 
looks like a fish, and the big 
sign reading "Celebrate the 12 
Days of Fish-mas!" with fish in 
Santa hats, | was getting kind 
of nauseous. So when | saw a fish that looked sort of like Finny, 
I said, "That's perfect!" And Sophie said, "Are you sure it's the 


| wonder, if you stacked up 
all the uneaten strawberry 
segments from cartons of 
Neapolitan ice cream, how 
many times they'd reach 
the moon. 


PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 

I bet, until someone came 
up with the candy bar name 
Almond Joy, the words 
“almond” and “joy” had 
never before been in the 
same sentence. 


same kind?” And | said, “Positive. It’s like if Finny had a twin. 
We'll call him Finny, Jr.” 


Finny is the stupidest name for a fish ever. 


@ RELATIONSHIP 


Anyway, | told Sophie that Га walk with her up to the fish Vas (that means “single” in Klingon!) 


store at the strip mall, and we could pick out a fish that looks 
exactly like Finny, and Mr. Graham would never know. "It'll be 
like that time | replaced your hamster,” | said. "What?" she 
said. “Never mind,” | said. 


RESEN SER ESET zum 222 


DECEMBER 24, 2013 DECEMBER 29, 2013 

Disaster. Sorry | haven't been able to post for a few 

days. On Christmas morning, | woke up to 
Sophie jumping up and down on my bed, saying, 
“There’s been a blizzard! There’s been a bliz- 
zard!” Which seemed sort of unlike her, to get all 
excited about snow. And then she said, “There’s 
been a power outage! The power's out all over the 
county!” Which seemed even less like her, because 
she loves watching TV. And then she said, “We're 
off the hook!” 


We brought him back to the Grahams’ place, and threw him in 
the tank. He seemed really happy to be there, darting around and 
playing with the other fish. Sophie looked at me and said words 
she’s never said before in my life: “| owe you one.” 


Sophie ran into the house today screaming. She went over to check 
on the Grahams’ fish, and they're all dead. “All of them?" | said. “All of 
them,” she said. “Except for one. Guess which.” 


Fruit Ninja Froot Loops 
| went over with her, and there in the tank was Finny, Jr., swimming happily 2223 


around a whole lot of dead fish. “What kind of weird psycho fish did you 
buy?” Sophie asked. l looked in my pocket and found the receipt: 
ши: T Р lp DISLIKES 
“You bought a fighting fish?!” Sophie said. 
“It ate all the others! No wonder the Grahams 
don’t let you house-sit anymore!” And then 
her voice got really low and scary, and she 
said, “| no longer owe you one.” 


And that’s when | realized: Without any power, the 
Grahams’ aquarium was going to shut down, which 
would’ve doomed their fish anyway. Once they 
heard about the power failure, they’d be expecting 
their fish to be dead, so there’s no way they’d know 3 
that we'd kind of accidentally let loose a serial-killer Fruit flies Fruit bats 
fish a few days earlier. We were home free! 


The way we left it was, we'd get through 
Christmas, then tell my parents about what 
happened. I'm not sure what we'll do — 
maybe we'll have to pay a ton of money for 
new tropical fish, or maybe we'll just tell the 
Grahams and beg for their forgiveness. 


It was the happiest Christmas morning either of us 
had ever had. 


(I realize that usually, that last sentence is preceded 
by a story a lot more heartwarming than, “We killed 
a bunch of fish and got away with it.” But with our 
family, you kind of have to take what you can get.) 


I know I'm too old for this, but if there is any 
such thing as a Christmas miracle, please let 
this all go away. | don’t want to be known as 
an accessory to fish murder. 


- Grahams' house 


- The Age of 
Aquariums 


Fish Photo: Shhaase / Dreamstime.com 


Each limited 


edition print 
is 11” X14” 
and bears a 
marking. All MAD 
print subscribers 
now get a 
Each is 
to MAD for 
n 
чи their iPad! 
(it’s entirely up 
to you though — 


no pressure!) 


3 
2 


HINGS 0 


LE, EVENTS & T 


sz 


HOUSE OF ‘TARDS 
This year, the John Boehner-led 113th Congress proved that government doesn't work... .by not working! When Congress couldn't agree on a new budget and also wouldn't extend the old budget, it meant that 
there was...no budget. And with no budget, there was...no money. (Do you see how this could become problematic?) As a result, the government shut down — closing national parks, shuttering national 
monuments and leaving more than 800,000 government workers idle until it all got sorted out. Sure, the shutdown created a lot of huge problems — but at least Congress made a statement! And that statement 
was, "We're selfish, petulant asses." If there's any justice, voters will put them ALL on double-secret probation. 


7 


— uz 


ESSN 
ABYSMAL HOUSE 


A Tragedy from the United States 
A KOCH BROTHERS PRODUCTION 
With BARACK OBAMA as DEAN WORMER * SPECIAL APPEARANCE BY THE U.S. SENATE 
Produced by FOX NEWS and THE TEA PARTY * Music by FRANCIS SCOTT KEY 
Written by AYN RAND • Directed by TED CRUZ * Gerrymandered by the GOP [Yu i nt up ний dee wane 


WRITER: JAY RATH ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


AUGUST 2013 


I 


| | ll 
How a popular, 


promising ` 
GORGONZOLA student was failed 
BUCATINI, am by his family, bred 
INTO КА 


a show-ready 
tuxedo shorthair, 
fell into radical Islam, 
and became a monster 


THE BOMBER k 


БА 
HOW A POPULAR, PROMISING У.Х 
‹ STUDENT WAS FAILED BY HIS 
FAMILY, SNAGGED A MASSIVE 
promi tamil COHO SALMON, FELL INTO 
failed by RADICAL ISLAM, 4 
dropped 34 pounds AND BECAME 7 4 
in three weeks, A MONSTER 


fell into rodica i З ee | 


Islam, and become 
q monster 


WEINER AND SPITZER ATTEMPT A COMEBACK ли poumcs is toco ad 


When they ran for office again this year, Anthony Weiner and Eliot Spitzer were already established as unethical, duplicitous , shamelessly out-of- 
control horn-dogs with prodigiously oversized egos and proven track records of narcissism, arrogance and self-delusion. Weiner ran for Mayor of New 
York as a dickish punk who thought tweeting photos of his pecker to strangers, and then denying he did it, somehow qualified him for the office. 
Spitzer ran for Comptroller of New York as a repentant pervert who thought his spending $80,000 on hookers while he was governor somehow made 
him the perfect person to manage the city's $70 billion budget. They both lost, but they'll forever share a different title. 


"The first film that begins 
with a happy ending!” 
—Bill Clinton 


*For God's sake, 
don't see this in IMAX” 


—David Petraeus 


“There won't be a 
dry seat in the house!” 
—John Edwards 


ARTIST: DREW FRIEDMAN 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


А 


Euor 


EINER SPITZER 


GS OF NEW YORK 


SOME MEN САМТ CONTROL THEIR ELECTIONS 


27 


TWERKING GIRL 


For a former child star, it's really hard to be taken seriously as an adult artist — luckily, Miley Cyrus had a plan! To show the world that she wasn’t the goofy, squeaky- -clean Disney star she once was, 
she did what any mature, evolving auteur would do — she stuck out her tongue, went to third base with a foam finger, and rubbed her ass against anything within twerking distance. We can't say that. 
she seemed any more е grown up, but her act certainly got old real fast. - u 


WHAT'S NOT IN YOUR WALLET? 


THE BITCOIN ISSUE 


| THE JULY 2013 
| 


WINKLEVOSa TWINS 


IDE ER EVE N 
MARK 9 cT 
ZUCKERBERG 7 
WOULONT, "2: 
TOSTÉ 1 
— 
W l tsa b 
TOWNS N оно, А ⁄ \ ea 
W WD- = ©" is ADVANTAGES 
* LM © < „70 0ЕНАбКАВГЕ, 
= € — f ~ CURRENCY 


ONLINE T Z 


ND. WHAT 10:00 | 
“BITCOINS IN WHEN YOUR? 
NOW THAT Br BITCOIN “WEALTH? | 
SILK ROAD HAS, Q (уч в VANISHES VIA | 
BEEN ШАН е; A (227 ба, E Os 5 COMPUTER GLITCH | 
(SS @€ Ses 


crash. Te'o talked with reporters a lot about Kekua and their relationship...but those same reporters soon deduced that Kekua didn't die in a car accident, 
didn't have leukemia and, in fact, didn't exist. She was actually an elaborate prank played by Ronaiah Tuiasosopo, a male family friend (who obviously has 
some issues). It's unclear if Te'o was in on the scam, or was just a gullible romantic who got catfished — but either way, the whole thing is hard to swallow. 


amed up by Manti 
nti’ 
utterly Perplexing details 


| WRITER: DARREN JOHNSON, 
- ARTIST: MICK COULAS 


тнл] INSTRUCTION SHEET 


SVEDISH MEATBALL 


a ^r 
Мн ай 
Бы гаї 


“77 нд 


OBAMA'S DRONE POLICY innocents tost 


In 2009, President Obama received the Nobel Peace Prize. Apparently none of the peace prize judges live in a country where unmanned U.S. drones 
drop bombs on innocent people while killing or attempting to kill terrorists, would-be terrorists or Facebook friends of either. Here's the question: 

is this a well-thought-out, productive use of our multi-trillion dollar military arsenal or are we just creating future generations of terrorists, would-be 
terrorists or Facebook friends of either? One thing's for sure: if President Bush had signed off on this, Michael Moore would have already completed ап 
Academy Award-winning documentary about it. That said, we think there’s a movie to be made about President Obama and his faithful companion, Biden. 


FROM THE PRODUCER OF “PIRATES OF THE CONSTITUTION” 


THE Ф 


NOW BOMBING 
EVERYWHERE 


ARTIST: MIKE LOEW 


34 


GEORGE ZIMMERMAN 


With all the chaos, strife and di 
i rama surrounding G i ' 
to get back to normal life. But th j o Genan atann en bN e 
; e g nd trial, you'd thi 3 
guy just can't catch a break! (Well, except for the cle iaces inen KIA ыыы ашшы 
...) For Zimmerman, it seems like chaos, 


strife and drama ARE his normal life. Zi 
s | ife. Zimmerman k i i 
just put his head down and minded hi ss ni te sheet ders ean 
| head n t help but wonder if thi ight i 
aa e Wil f abeo] d is own business. But that's never exactly been hi fc rg i te erd Node S ell 
Uds is strong suit. And in the end, it's hard UA 
, to start а new chapter when 


ted neighborhood watchman Curious 
Then Curious George Zimmerman decided that he 


wanted a shotgun. So he went to a gun factory. 

it was the factory that makes the same kind of 

gun George Z. used to kill the kid in the hoodie. 
Curious George 1. was 50 excited, he posed fora 
photographer with a happy smile on his face. Oh 
brother! Curious George Z. was in the news yet again! 


| Look who's back! It’s self-appoin 
George Zimmerman! When we last saw Curious George 1., he had 


just shot and killed akidina hoodie. But lucky Curious George Z.! 
A jury of almost all white women said he was innocent anyway! 


0 


« ya 


- <<= > М 


pretty soon Curious George Zimmerman 
went really bananas! He got into a 
fight with his wife. He even threatened 
her and her father with a gun! Then he 
smashed her iPad so no one could see 
the video she took of him! 


After the trial, the judge said, "You escaped 
your cage, Curious George Zimmerman. 
Now run along and stay out of trouble.” 

But Curious George 1. could not do that. Not at all! 


Curious George 1. drove away fast but was pulled 
over and once again handcuffed by а policeman. 


First, Curious George Zimmerman drove his car very fast 
in Texas. Faster even than the speed limit! 


Curious George Zimmerman 
is involved in so many hi-jinks, 
it's hard to keep UP- 
Maybe that cage wasn't 
such a bad idea after all! 


"Where are you “Nowhere in particular,” 
going so fast, said Curious George 1. 
Curious George 12" Ё ; ДУМ, М “Oh, and by the way, 

з ( ded gunin 


asked the nice v^ 2 there's a loa! 
policeman who سے‎ -) & my glove compartment." 


pulled him over. Curious George 7. 
was in the news again! ' 


WRITER: DARRI 
EN JOHNSON ARTIST: GARY HALLGREN 


DENNIS RODMAN, OUR NORTH KOREAN AMBASSADOR a came or one on un 


We were hopeful, earlier this year, when Dennis Rodman twice visited North Korea and became the first American to meet Kim Jong-un. After all, 
having played in the NBA under Phil Jackson, Rodman knows a thing or two about dealing with soulless, egomaniacal control freaks. Besides, 
who better than an erratic power forward who was always among the league leaders in technical fouls, kicking cameramen and dying his hair 

purple to reason with a ruthless, evil despot? Unfortunately, these high-level meetings haven't resulted in a diplomatic breakthrough — though 


Rodman has yet to bring in Metta World Peace. 


RST GIRLFRIEND KILLED BY S = = 


TE! YOU EAT TWICE AS 


NOU REALLY. HAD YOUR Fl | HAVE MET 
WW, MAN: WHY COULDN MUCH AS ME? AND 2. 
FIRING SQUADP AWW: EN ELECTRA?" ОООО TIMES MORE THA 
YOU WHEN | WAS TRYING TO DITCH CARM THE AVERAGE NORTH KOREAN CITIZEN!" : 


чим, DON'T LET ANYONE TELL YOU 


“YOU'RE RIGHT! THE TONGUES "AND YOU ABSOLUTELY NORTH KOREA ISN'T LIKE AMERICA — 
OF DISSIDENT CHILDREN PROMISE IT'S AIMED AT PHIL FOR INSTANCE; RIGHT NOW | COULD BÉ 
MAKE THE BEST BAIT!" JACKSON'S HOUSE, RIGHT?" STANDING IN DOWNTOWN DETROIT..." 


36 WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN ARTIST: GARY HALLGREN COLORIST: ЛМ CAMPBELL 


THE OBAMACARE WEBSITE LAUNCH poa.cov 


The Affordable Care Act was to be President Obama’s signature achievement, enabling millions of Americans to stop using sketchy home remedies 
every time they broke a pinky or got chlamydia. But when the online insurance exchange went live on October 1, the only thing it enabled millions 
of Americans to do was scream curses at a frozen computer screen. Healthcare.gov, the portal to apply for “Obamacare,” was a hopelessly broken 
mess, seemingly designed by a team of idiot toddlers. As the problems got worse by the day, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius 
was thrown under the scapegoat express, while Obama promised, “We're going to smooth this thing out." Sure, Barack. As if Jou can “smooth out” 
a debacle worthy of a summer disaster flick. 


KATHLEEN BARACK 


SEBELIUS OBAMA 


“The incompetence 
in building this 
website is staggering. 

Representative 
Marsha Blackbu 


“We assumed it 
was up and 
ready to run.” 
Joe Biden 


[pm at the moment, 


RRS | 


“Absolute chaos.” 
Senator 
Mitch McConnell, 

R-Kentucky “A miserably 


frustrating 


заауао:муѕ ямаа BILIM 


ZQVNOOW rd SHAY 


WHITEHOUSE 
/EBSITE DOWN 


IT ALL CHASHES DOWN 1 


Эсэн 


A Messoge to Time 
Customers About the 


to the Nielsen Rati 
Top 10. Six! That's 
really want 


Despite the fact that CBS insists neg 3 | 
Or ongoing, we promise you that A M | 
And we're making excellent progress. M 
change, however, if anyone from CBS ес! | 
come to one of our negotiation meetings. 


In the meantime, we are doing as much as ean | 
to make this situation easier on ve Жу m : | 
lace of channel 2, мете pu ing і б 
ín des of channel 4, we're putting in [abito 8. 
In place of channel 7, we're ромын d d 
And in place of channel 5, we re putting in € 
A for a second time. With all me confusion, € 
certain you'll never notice there's no channel 2. 


In conclusion, we want to assure all our к 
that we here at Time Warner козы ei ын 
committed to trying to strike a balance be ын 
paying as little as possible for programang 
charging you as much as possible to watch. 


Time Warner Cable 


Time Warner Cable Holding 
Your Favorite TV Shows Hostage! 


Time Warner Cable has dropped CBS and is holding 
your favorite TV shows hostage! Okay, so Duck Dynasty 
and Breaking Bad aren't on CBS, but our new Monday 
night show is called Hostages. Coincidence? 


Time Warner says we're acting greedy. We assure 
you, we are not! We are acting in the grand tradition 
of capitalist American corporations, which have never 
shown even a scintilla of greed! We would like to 
work in good faith to resolve this dispute, but legally 
we can't, because this is not a religious matter. 


Fortunately, the Time Warner blackout only affects 
a few hick towns: New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, 
Boston, Chicago, Pittsburgh, Denver and Detroit. 
And it involves a mere 3.5 million viewers, which 
represents less than 80% of our audience. Of 
course, when you add in the other CBS channels 
that Time Warner has blocked, including The Movie 
Channel, Flix and the Smithsonian Channel, it's 81% 
of our audience. Our financial and marketing experts 


say that over time, this could be problematic to our 
core business. 


Throughout this process, Time Warner Cable has 
conducted negotiations in a non-productive spirit. 
We, on the other hand, have taken definitive action. 
We've blocked millions of Time Warner customers 
from accessing CBS.com in every market, regardless 
of whether or not they subscribe to Time Warner. 
So who's crazy now? Wait, don’t answer that. 


Until this dispute is settled we ask that you not fall prey 


to Time Warner's disinformation about us. The only 
place you'll get the real disinformation is from us! 


CBS TV 


RUSSIA PASSES ANTI-GAY LAWS PROTECTING THE HOMOPHOBE-LAND 


President Vladimir Putin says that gays will be welcome at the upcoming Olympic games in Russia. True, he'll be welcoming them as 
a homophobe, but they'll be "welcome" nonetheless. Vlad signed a new law this year prohibiting "gay propaganda" and giving the 
Russian government authority to impose fines on anyone who violates it. Oddly, he also posed shirtless in a pathetic series of lame 
photos intended to show him off as a macho Bolshevik, but instead made him look, surprise surprise, totally gay. We're still waiting 
for him to fine himself for creating such outrageous, immoral, yet strangely stimulating "gay propaganda" ! 


L š 

⁄ 5 

/ m 

= 8 

о 

т 

o 

= 

© 

| Š 

Á 8 
Í 

Ё 

> 

- 3 

j | š 

174 -rd 2? 

9 g 

E 

E» х 

ы = 

v 

m 

7 


ТИП DUDES HISSING 


PAULA DEEN DROPS THE N-WORD 


A single bad decision can ruin your career. But if you're Paula Deen — creator of the hamburger-fried egg-bacon-donut sandwich — you're 
used to piling one bad decision on top of another! When she was asked if she had ever used the n-word, Deen admitted that she had said it 
years ago. ..but added that she had probably used it since then. As the controversy was escalating, she went on The Today Show to apologize... 
but added that she wasn't going to change. Soon she was out of the bacon-filled frying pan and into the fire — her show was cancelled, her 
sponsors abandoned her and now she's left trying to figure out what's next. Our advice? She's already written a bunch of cookbooks — 
maybe it's time to try literature. 


ne Woman's 
Grease-Stained Journey 


тт Ê em E 
i. ч Food Networ 
ried and K вш | Superstar 
دي‎ ` Blubbering 

| Pariab 


The timeless 
tale of a Southern | 
woman who must 
navigate the hazards 
of fame, the media 
and modern society — 
after repeatedly 
using the n-word 
in casual 
conversation. 


ARTIST: ROBERTO PARADA 


E 


z 
й 
a 
9 
3 
E 
z 
8 
f 
Ë 
Е 
z 


= — 
Read all about 


THE SLUR 
that caused 


“Paula won't be appearing on any “(We) will not renew “Smithfield condemns the use “118 what I is, 
upcoming broadcasts and we will Paula Deen's contract of offensive and discriminatory and I'm not 
phase out her product assortment when it expires at the language and behavior of any kind. changing." 

on our online sales channels over end of this month." Therefore, we are terminating our — Paula Deen 
the next few months." — Food Network partnership with Paula Deen." 


40 ar ONG — Smithfield Hams 


In August of 2012, President Obama responded to a reporter's question about the use of military force in Syria with this threat: “A red line for us is 
we start seeing a whole bunch of chemical weapons moving around or being utilized. That would change my calculus.” But when Syrian President 
Bashar Al-Assad did start gassing his own people last summer, the Churchill version of Obama was replaced by a stammering weasel: "I didn't set a 
red line; the world set a red line,” he lamely explained. Thanks to his verbal clumsiness, a military invasion of some sort seemed inevitable — until 
Vladimir Putin (who has never won a Nobel Peace Prize) worked out a last-minute deal to avert World War III (for now). In the end, Obama walked 
away from the mess largely unscathed — despite a Middle-East "plan" that seemed developed by someone suffering from bipolar disorder. 


ov: 
N STING IN 


Watch poll 
numbers 
Arop 


2 smack £orehead Breathe sal 
when Kerr oats of relief den 
weapons Р an Putin saves 955 


gin капидан‏ ا 
LININGS PLAYBOOK” шан JONN KERRY ano rae U.S. SENATE‏ 
ein M NI TS Шиши‏ 
CONGRESSIONAL HAWKS aun BASHAR AL-ASSAD'S CHEMICAL WEAPONS STOCKPILE‏ 
BASED UPON OBAMA'S ASSUMPTION TAAT HIS BLUFF WOULDN'T BE CALLED‏ 
tnn BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE CHUGK HAGEL ишн BARACK OBAMA‏ 


X p. TRAITOR SHMOES 


0 Nobody likes a tattletale — especially the U.S. intelligence community. So when NSA Contractor Edward Snowden reported p 
fi a or Army private Bradley (now Chelsea) Manning uncovered , and Wikileaks founder Julian Assange revealed A 
4 America's spymasters got really pissed off that we now knew that they knew what nobody knew they knew. It's that simple! So even 
| though we're angry that our own government is spying on us, we're also angry at the ones who revealed to us that we're being spied 
х on. It's a weird contradiction, but that's just our style. 


The Julian Assange 
Collection: 
Inside Fashion 


Ecuadorian-Styled 
Nylon Raincoat $56 


Weathering a nasty 
rainstorm or media 
storm is a breeze with 


this peek-a-boo vinyl 
raincoat. It's completely 
„ transparent, just the 

$ away you like it. And 

'as long as we're 

posing secrets, 

ху le must admit this 
Sleek slicker is 

Ў designed for style, 

not for keeping 

you dry. After all, 

I you always have 
toexpecta 

few leaks! 


'The Edward Snowden 


Collection: Escape! 


Wool Topcoat $239 


Perfect for the man who 
wants to stay stylish and 
toasty warm, even when 
he finds himself living 
in self-imposed exile in 
Russia. Whether you're 
a patriot or traitor, this 
roomy garment is ideal 
for strolling past the Я 
government contractor's 
security desk with a laptop 
secretly tucked under each 
arm. Choose from four colors, 
each witha classy-fied look 
that pays almost criminal 
attention to detail. Smart. 
features include extra inside 
pockets to store flash drives, 
memory cards and the private 
communications of nearly 
300 million Americans! 


(бү) REESE WITHERSPOON'S DWI INCIDENT 


ARTIST: RICHARD WILLIAMS 43 


Everybody ‘fess up! Everybody ‘fess up! 
(NSA, NSA, NSA) 


Yes, we do hear — everything you say 

Yes, we do read — from your e-mail page 

Maybe you're in-no-cent, maybe you're not so pure 
One way of finding out for sure! 


Okay we tapped your phone, had to invest-i-gate ya 
At work and at your home, snoopin's just in our nature 
We may incarcerate ya (NSA) 

There's some rules we're bendin'(NSA) 

Forget the Fourth Amendment (NSA) 


We know the things you like to Goo-gle! 
Each con-ver-sation, across the nation, 
We're busy tapin’ 

Checkin’ Goo-gle! 

You might be lyin’, so we keep pryin’ 
Right now we're spyin’ 
‘Cause of Blurred Laws! 


Is it illegal? Might be illegal 
To check your e-mail 

And your Goo-gle! 

Not sure you're alright 

You spend your whole night _ 
Just watching porn sites! 


Got no reason to fret, 
info is kept se-cret 
We never even see it 
By the way, your printer needs ink! 
So you discovered (NSA) 

We had to bug ya (NSA) 

What rhymes with bug ya? 
NSA-ay-ay-ay-ay! 


We look for something odd, any suspicious info 
If you mention jihad, you may end up in Gitmo 
And now because of Snowden 

The whole damn world is knowin’ 

Your rights we are erodin’ 

‘Cause we've been checking on your Goo-gle! 


THE NSA SPYING ON EVERYONE ноор on 


Thanks to the NSA's spying program, privacy isn’t merely dead, it's rotted and decomposing in a shallow grave. Your e- mails, Google searches and 
reading? Not private! What's under your hat? Not private! Hell, they even know you're reading this intro! Exactly how does the NSA get away with 


“ВШ, 


(Sung to the tune of Robin Thicke's “Blurred Lines”) 


WRITER: MIKE MORSE 
ARTIST: HERMANN MEJIA 


МА" 


phone calls? Not private, not private, not private. Your current location, credit history and “confidential” medical records? Not private, not private, not private, What you're 
continually violating the Constitution and gathering all this information without a warrant? No one can say for sure because that information somehow remains...private. 


We can't депу it, there's nothing private 
Though you don’t like it 

We check Goo-gle! 

We're finally coppin’, to our eavesdroppin’ 
But we ain't stoppin’ 

“Cause of Blurred Laws! 


We're analyzin', and scrutinizin' 

What are you hidin'? 

When you Goo-gle? 

We're cyber-stalkin’, we hear you talkin’ 
E-mails we're gawkin’ 


(Rap) 

Okay, we spy on you 

A lot of private correspondence that we view 

To track down the few who evil do 

Want to blow up planes with a bomb in their shoe! 
So cut some slack when we, um, review 

Forget about your rights, we've got to stop a coup — 
Think we have fun? Well, it's far from that 

Reading Facebook posts about your freakin’ cat! 
Who gives a damn that you don't adore 

Like you're stuck in “1984” 

But we're only doing what we have to do 

There's a lot of creeps out there to pursue! 

So we're watchin’, and waitin’ 

There's a lot out there that sure is threatenin’ 

But we mostly see just fat guys sextin’ 

Photos of their junk and it's got us retchin'! 


Tapped your phone, sit down, listen up 
Guess what I heard? 

Your wife's not at work! 

She's out with some jerk! 

NSA-ay-ay! 


Just so we don't lose, this Al-Qaeda battle 

We watch your every move, from Boston to Seattle! 
If you say “treason,” we'll have a reason 

For search and seizin’ 

We're always checkin' your Goo-gle! 

You want it private, don't try to hide it 

We're gonna find it 

Checkin' Goo-gle 

We will uncover, each word you utter 


Just like Big Brother 
Because of Blurred Laws! 


If you start dissin"...Americanism 
You'll go to prison! 

Because of Blurred laws 

Info we're needin’, so we're depletin’ 
All of your freedom! 


Everybody ‘fess up! 


45 


THE FRIGHT TO BEAR ARMS 


By leading the modern world in gun murders, suicides and mass shootings, the U.S. has accomplished that rare feat of hitting the 
“firearms trifecta” ! But relax — Wayne LaPierre, that gun-worshipping tool of the firearms industry and spokesman for the NRA, has 

an altruistic, brilliant plan to keep us all safe: more guns! Yes, just like we need more forks to reduce overeating, we need more guns 

to reduce gun violence. With well-thought-out Socratic reasoning like that, is it any wonder that Sarah Palin and Ted Nugent agree? Ê, 


ni 
шей ° 


К 


E “This show is 
stand-your-groundbreaking 
television!" 
— A terrified TV critic 


THEORY 


Starring Rick Perry, Ted Nugent, Sarah Palin, Dick Cheney 
and Wayne LaPierre. Every Monday at 8:30 pm — only on 


46 WRITER: MIKE MORSE ARTIST: SAM SISCO 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT «3 FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


i)». 


ei cmm, 2m) =>. 


ALL OF US FEAR CHEMICAL MISUSE. IT'S A COMPLEX 
PROBLEM. WE CAN'T IGNORE IT. IT'D SURELY E- 
RODE THE FABRIC OF SOCIETY. WE NEED TO TAKE RIG- 
OROUS ACTION TO FIGHT THIS AND CONTIN- 

UE BACKGROUND CHECKS ON PEOPLE FROM A TO Z 


ALEX 


RODRIG- 


UEZ 


ry PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


JASON YUNGBLUTH 


? 


V 
NOPE, THAT'S ITS NOT MINE EITHER. OH No! GRANDPA'S 
NOT M3 So WHAT 15 IT? PACEMAKER ALARMS HE'S 
RINGTONE. HAVING A HEART ATTACK! 


HOW'S MY DRIVING 


THAT'S NOT MY OH, THANK Gop! IT'S MM ТЕХТ MESSAGE 
PACEMAKER, I WAS SO SCARED ALERT. OUR GRANDMA 15 
‘TOU MORONS. 1 ALMosT DROVE SEXTING ME. LOOK! 

OFF THE ROAD! 


NATHAN COOPER 


48 


UM SORRY TO 
INFORM YOU THAT Де 
YOUR BABY WAS b š 


р НЕКЕ (Т 
BORN WITHOUT COMES! 


KIT LIVELY & SCOTT NICKEL 


THAT ONE OVER THERE LOOKS eee 
UKE A SACK OF NEWBORN NO WAY! ENS 
THAT ONE м. FILETS IN A TWERKING WHERE?, ILOVE PEOPLE- 
4 


LOOKS LIKE AN co CONTEST. 
ELEPHANT ON A z 


BICYCLE... 7 | * 2 
AND THERE'S 
A GIANT CHICKEN 
MCNUGGET DOING 


WAS ONE GF US? 


186 
А MUSKRAT 
RIDING A HIPPO T 
WHO CAN'T u 
FIND Hle CAR > 
KEYS, 2 
2 
š 
My poor Kitt ! Hmmm... ¿€ appears this 
PERES locked y safe has 10,000 possible 
COSS. Combinations. Better 
get started! 
...nope-46$1 ...nope. 
4732...nope. 2108... nope. 6850... nope. 1427...nope. ... hope. 6347 ... nope. 
1870 ... hope.3724 ..-hope. ... Nope-2541 ...Nope. 183 5... норе, You, Sure are a 
p .. hope.S044... nope. patient Kitty! Нохевє made 
a peep in weeks! 
B 
a 
z 
š 
o 
a 
2! 
3 


A 
° 


, GIVE THE GIFT T ri MILL 


ARTISTS 


THE 
FOLD IN PHI TU | иштетти THE TOP 
COLLECTION THE FINISH! | MORT DRUCKER PLANET TAD TOTALLY MAD SECRET FILES! 


-\ HESS 5 Includes many of Mort's greatest 239 pages of all-new 256 pages celebrating 60 years of “Он i i 
over 400A fo шин karen movie satires plus essays hy adventures! From humor, satire, stupidity and stupidity! € еши ~ Includes every pak 
Includes a brand-new diabolical adventures Michael J. Fox, Steven Spielberg, the head writer of | With an introduction by Stephen Colbert Siege chr Spy vs. Spy perfect for fans 
Fold-In created by Al Jaffee grim J.J. Abrams, and others! Also a The Daily Show and Eric Drysdale and a dozen увс ай ЫНЫ adventure of MAD on 
y for this collection! ips EUR classic, vintage pull-out poster! with Jon Stewart! | collectible, classic MAD cover prints! y Peter Kuper! _ from 1987-2007! Cartoon Network! 


MAD: 


MORT a. TOTALLY 
RUCKER | 
19.038 " = 


Years 
of 
Humor, 
Satire, 
Stupidity 
and 
Stupidity 


16 41111111 Г IM THE BOOK SECTION OF BOOKSTORES 
ON SALE! DUI WHEREVER BOOKS ARE SOLD — DUH! 


4 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. | 2 : I 


SI 


NORIS 


723 


For months now, we've been telling you to check out the MAD blog, The Idiotical, and to “Like” us on Facebook — but have you!?!? Nooooo! (Well, that's not fair...maybe you have — 
these little intros don't allow for a whole lot of back-and-forth with our readers. Sorry.) Anyhoo — if you haven't checked out The Idiotical yet, here's some of what you've been missing! 


JUSTIN BIEBER "KIM Kana n nea | 
‘GREAT WALL OF BIRTHDAY SELHE EMOJI BIOGRAPHIES 


ч 


CHINA TWITPIC 


9 ! Lance Armstrong 
WE'D LOVE TO SEE lararar^e 
| Edward Snowden 
| змага я 
| Jerry Sandusky 
99999*2: 
M. Night Shyamalan 
UE с 
Chris Brown 
9 % ã 61 6Q ê 0 


and the 


аем RSEN 
WEBSITE 


He has to "dumb it.down" when 


HENE 


Can easily suck up hours of your free time chatting with Stephen Hawking. 
Highly anticipated release that's 


! As a Catholic altar boy, 
been denounced by Conservatives ` 


һе once molested а priest. 
Transports users to a surreal, 


nightmarish world where the lives and 
well-being of others have no worth 


His dinner guests often throw up 
in their own mouths to savor his 
BORNE : fine cooking all 3 n. 
Glorifies violence and misogyny ge ee 
under the lame guise of satire 
"I don't always 
drink beer, but when 
I do, it's usually because 
I didn't call my sponsor. 


YK $ 


TAY WASTED, my friends.” 


Can be successfully completed 


Was lavishly and painstakingly 
designed by industry-leading experts 


Was a runaway success from day one 


Hookers, drug dealers and pimps 
end up getting the worst treatment 


Kathleen Sebelius has only a vague 
understanding of how it works 


VES 9 124. ГГ. 
IK < ll ll < < KB: 


Prominently features that wily scamp, Pac-Man шшш 


From the Editors of the New Vork Times Bestsell 


ug | Totally MAD 
ra fnm s — m MÀ - 


From the edito 
rs 
of the #1 New York 
Times bestseller 
Totally MAD 


Featuring pithy commentaries by: 
Roseanne Barr 
Ken Burns 
Paul Feig 
Whoopi Goldberg 
Tony Hawk 
Ice-T P 
Penn Jillette 
George Lopez 
David Lynch 
And many more! 


Absolutely everyone should buy this book. 
No exceptions will be tolerated! 
A 


4 
Available wherever 
books are sold. 
Order your copy today! 


INSIDE: ALL NEW FOLD-OUT POSTER! 
A specially commissioned look at the legendary 
MAD offices by Sergio Aragones! 


Based on the award-winning [a =e ABIES comic books. 


г “зээ 


= 


FROM THE MAKERS OF 2012 GAME OF THE YEAR 
THE WALKING DEAD 


4^ WT AA аг» 


are trademarks of Sony Computer Enter 


(513) 


vent Inc. Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox LIVE, and the Xbox logos are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies and are used under license from Microsoft. 


