` #420 AUGUST 2002 $3.50 CHEAP! 


| 08> 
0""70992"33230 | | 


WW . 773 62 2 ۳( 6 3 ۰ COM 
- ~ 4 


DAAE 
$ e 46 © s - 
. ° NÊW POWER STRIPE: 
POWERED UP PROTECTION. ۱ 
-1 PROTECTION from RIGHT GUARD® XTREME. xtreme protection from odor and wetness 
us a Power Stripe™ with unique odor fighters tc fe you a tv level of control, Goes on clear, doesn vm 


eae SEN 


À 


AUGUST 2002 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


DARK SIDE OF THE TUNES DEPARTME 


Things ADOL 


TALES FROM THE DUCK SIDE DEPARTMENT: 
Last Bango In Paris 


ANGSTER'S PARADISE DEPARTMENT: 
Monroe and...Disney World Part H 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT: 
Spy Vs. Spy Vs. Spy.... 


THE REGIS LINK DEPARTMENT: 
The Everlasting, Ridiculous Impact of 
Who Wants To Be a Millionaire. 


HE 


THÉ 
4 


ATO 


SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT: 
A MAD Look at Cruises 


OZLIEST DEPAI 


s Merchandise We'll Be Seeing 


DIAGNOSIS MURDERED DEPARTMENT: 


SCOTT BRICHER 


DEPARTMENT 8 


MAD Scans the Human Bech. —— 42 | cem 

WHO'S YOUR CADDY? DEPARTMENT: | getting he fast 

A MAD Look at Paternity Suits on the PGA Tour. 43 word, they ignore all 
the previous ones! 

AN EMBARRASSMENT OF RICHARD'S DEPARTMENT: | 

An Important Product Recall Notice NA 

From Heavenly Slumber, Inc 44 

CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS FILMIN'? DEPARTMENT: ۷ ^ 

The Scorpion Ka-Ching!" (A MAD Movie Satire)........................ e 16 Sé 

MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT: ۱ 

dÉ E E Various Places 

by Sergio Aragones Around the Magazine 

FRONT COVER ARTIST: 


Cann 


Most people are so 
concerned about 


saddened to hear of the passing, 
after a lengthy illness, of our 
own Dave Berg. We send our 
deepest condolences to his 
family. The artist and writer 
of "The Lighter Side of...," 
Dave joined MAD in 1957 
and has appeared in over 
365 issues. There are two 
new "Lighter Side of..." 
articles Dave completed 
before his death 


ر 
that we will publish‏ 
in upcoming issues.‏ 


In yet anot 


VWlake A Dunk Wish Foandatian™ 


My name is Kelley Thornsberry. | am 
writing this letter to see if the Wake 74 
Dumb Wish Foundation can make my 
dumb wish come true. My friends Claire 
Shelden and Katie Fry and | are each 
writing you a letter and we have made a 
bet to see whose letter gets published, if 
any. There is a certain amount of money 
involved and if you print my letter and 
not my friends’ you would make my 
dumb wish come true. Claire is a huge 
liar and will say Katic and | never read 
MAD, but all she wants is the money. 

All Katie ever does is read my old issues 
and never, ever buys them herself. Also, 
my dumb wish includes getting a free 
issuc next month. 


Kcllcy Thornsberry, Lewistown, MT 


| am a very big fan of your magazine 
and have read almost every issue sincc 
1999 and would like to talk to you about 
a bet made with my friends. We are all 
going to write to you and whoever's 
letter you publish (If you publish any of 
them) wins the bet. So I’m asking you 
to please publish my lcttcr. Even if you 
don't, could you please send me next 
month's issue free? The letters that you 
should look for will be from Kelley 
Thornsberry and Claire Shelden. 


Katie Fry, Lewsitown, MT 


My name is Claire Shelden. ۱ am writing 
to you to make a dumb wish. My friends, 
Kelley Thornsberry and Katie Fry are also 
writing to you with a dumb wish We have 
a bet to see whose letter will get published. 
The winner gets an undisclosed amount 
of money. If you do this for me, you will 
make my dumb wish come true and 
maybe this will be the highlight of my 
teenage years. You could be a part of that, 
and all you have to do is give me a few 
measly inches on your Letters Page! 

You should publish mine because | am 
the only real fan of MAD, they hardly 
ever buy it! So if you publish their letters 
and not mine, it would be a shame to all 
MAD fans everywhere! Kelley will say | 
lie and that | don't read MAD, but | do 
read it, they don't! Could you send me 
next month's issue? Thanks so much for 
making rny dumb wish come true! 


Claire Shelden, Lewistown, MT 


Hey Ladies — Well, well, well, nothing gets us 
more excited at the Hate 7? Dumb Wak 
Fauudatina™ than a good old fashioned cat- 
fight — meow! Because all three letters were 
so heurlfell and laced with craven desire, we 
decided to print all three and since all three 
of you asked for next month's issue for free, we 
are going to make that dumb wish come true 
as well! Kelley will get pages 1-16, Katie will 
get pages 17-32 and Claire will get 33-481 
Your non-tax deductible interest and support 
of the Wake 4 Damb Wak Foundation™ 
Is appreciated! —Ed. 


her case of life i 


the WB's super 5 
as depicted on the c 


another photo of 


Schnei 
Michael Ros 


ap eS -— — 
Q du 9; KC See 
kt Ze A 


KIDS IN THE 
SMALLVILLE 


TES T f 
mitating art imitating T و‎ 
allvi tly pose ١ 
eras smallville rest They also sent in 
themselves with former verti of 
nd now Superboy dad John 


-R) Tem Welling, 
der! Qur thanks to (L R) oc 


over of MA 


and John Schneider. 


^ 


Your movie spoof “The Royal 
Palninthebums" (MAD #417) caused a 
royal pain in my head. Owen Wilson's 
character is introduced as Eli Cash. 

He is then referred to as Wally Crash 

a couple of times and in the end he is 
called Eli again. He had a drug problem 
in the movie, not multiple personalities! 


Jim Dewey, Burton, OH 


Jimbo — So you think you're so smart? It just 
50 happens that we were using our spoof of 
The Royal Tenenbaums io pay homage, ۵ lip of 
the hat if you will, to two of our favorite people, 
both long since deceased: Inventor Eli Whitney 
and comedian Wally Cox. Now don't you feel 
small? Now don't you feel stupid? You owe us 
a letter of apology! —Ed. 


Out of pure curiosity, how did Alfred E. 
Neuman lose his tooth? 


Nate Martell, Spokane, WA 


Nate Dogg — It was a 
work relaled injury, 
‘nuff said! —Ed. 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I feel very privileged for getting my 
letter printed in MAD magazine. But, as 
I was reading The Lord of the Rings issue 
(MAD #416) | felt it my duty to report 
all the mistakes | could find, just as | did 
with the Farry Potter issue (MAD #412). 
First, Gandalf should be smoking with 
Bilbo on the hill, not Frodo. Second, the 
group meets Arwen in the woods. Third, 
the Fellowship has already passed those 
giant statues before they were attacked 
by Ores. Lastly, and even though it 
doesn’t really matter, Aspercreme isn’t 
even a play on the word Saruman. 


Aaron Grono, Forest Lake, MN 


Aaron — Wow! We're willing to bet that you've 
seen that movie dozens of times! And we'll go 
double or nothing that you've never gone with 
a date! Be honest, when was the last time you 
went out on a date? Better yet, when was the 
last time you left your house? Seriously, take 
the tin foil off of your ceiling, put on some long 
pants and go for a nice walk in the park! —Ed. 


Today | received my MAD in the mail 
and as usual | went straight to the Letters 
Page. In issue #417 | saw a letter written 
by Billy Denham. He complained to 
you that Michael Jordan played for the 
Birmingham Barons in his baseball 
career and nothing else. | had to reply 
because MJ is my favorite athlete and | 
couldn't stand hearing wrong info about 
him. | also don't like people who correct 
MAD Magazine. If he really knew 
something about His Airness he would 
know that Michael played for another 
team along with the Barons in his base- 
ball career. This team is the Scottsdale 
Scorpions. He also advanced to the 
Nashville Sounds, but ended his season 
early, in the Spring when MLB players 
went on strike. If you dare to correct 
MAD, at least get your facts right. 


Andy Klein, Boston, MA 


Raggedy Andy — Your knowledge of minor 
league baseball is indeed impressive, yet 
we can't help but think that you too may 
benefit from a nice walk in the park with 
Aaron Gronol —Ed, 
HOW TO REACH US 
Please address Correspondence To: 
MAD, Dept. 420, 1700 Broadway, 
New York, New York, 10019. 
MAD welcomes reader submissions. 
Manuscripts will not be returned or 
acknowledged, however, unless they 
are accompanied by a self-addressed, 
stamped envelope! MAD doesn't 
read faxed submissions! 


I want to recognize the excellence of 
artist John Caldwell and writer Michael 
Gallagher on their use of sound in 
“Drama on Page 14” in issue #416. 

As the world's leading authority on Don 
Martin lexiconology and the compiler of 
the internationally renowned Don Martin 
Dictionary, it was nice to see these two 
gentlemen not rip off a single sound 
effect. Don Martin used the sound 
“SHIKA” as in “SHIKA SHIKA SHIKA,” 
which is the sound of a man scratching 
his back, but Martin never used “SHIKA 
SHIK SHIK SHIK.” 


Ed Norris, Lancaster, MA 


Eddie — Thanks for your letter, but, to be honest, 
we don't give a Shik! —Ed. 


STRIKE UP THE SAND 


When daysatthebeach.com president Matt Lon 
wanted to promote their Can You Dig It Gre 
tools at a recent toy show in New York City, the 
knew they needed something appealing and e xd 
catching With no appealing or eye-catching Ge 
they instead hired world-famous sand sculptress 
Karen Fralich to create an Alfred E Neuman in 
sand using anly their tools. O.K readers — here's 
your task for this month: send us your own — 
sculptures of Alfred. Or maybe you would like to 
work In a different medium — marb 
beans perhaps — maybe a mixed 
things found in the trash. Send us your non- 
returnable photos of your best creative efforts to 
Amy "The Big Easel" c/o MAD Magazine 1700 
Broadway, New York, NY 10019. We'll put the 
best ones in a future Issue! 


les or jelly- 
medium of 


AN AT 
William M. Gaines 
founder 


Jenette Kahn 
president & edilor-in-chief 


Paul Levitz 
executive vice president & publisher 


Nick Meglin & John Ficarra 
editors 


Editorial: 


Charlie Kadau & Joe Raiola 
senior editors 


Amy Vozeolas associate editor 
Dick DeBartolo creative consultant 


Art Department: 

Sam Viviano art director 
Nadina Simon associate art director 
Patricia Dwyer assistant art director 

Ryan Flanders production artist 
Leonard Brenner graphics consulfant 


Administration: 


Patrick Caldon senior vp — finance & operations 
Joel Ehrlich senior vp — advertising & promotions 
Alison Gill yp — manufacturing 
Lillian Laserson vp & general counsel 
Dovid McKillips vp — advertising 
John Nee vp — business development 


Contributing Artists 
And Writers 
the usual gang of idiots 


FOR ADVERTISING INQUIRIES, 
PLEASE CALL 212-636-5520 


MAID 


۴ 


WWW 


VISIT THE MAD WEB SITE! 


ATTENTION SUBSCRIBERS! 

The MAD website has been upgraded! 
All you need is your name and zip code 
to renew, change your address, give a gift 
subscription, check your account balance 
and expiration dates or to request a missing 
issue. Just go to www.madmag.com or call 
1-800-4MADMAG (U.S. and Canada only) 
or write to P.O. Box 52345, Boulder, CO 
80322-2345! Please DO NOT phone, write, 
fax or E-mail our New York office — 
we're too dumb to help you here! 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) عا‎ published monthly by EC. Publications, 
inc.. 1700 Droadwoy, New York, N.Y. 10019. l'eriodicals postage paid 
of Now York, N.Y, and ot edditional mailing offices. Subecription in 
USA - 12 issues $24.00 or 24 issues 545 00 ot 36 issues 560.00. 
Outside U.S.A, (IAttuding Canada): 12 Rugg 5310.00 Or 24 issues 
357.00 إن‎ 36 issues $78.00. (Canudiun price lus OST tux includ 
ed.) Entire contents © copyright 2002 by E.C. Publications, Ine. 
Allow ۱۵ wecks for chonge of address to bocoma offective, and 
include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring 
niwt your subseription. POSTMASTFR- sand nrirress change to 
MAD. P.O. Box 52345 Boulder, CO 80322-2348. The Publisher ond 
Ecitors will not be responsible fo; unsolicited monuscripts, ond 
toques! oll manuscripts be occompoanied by ۵ stomped sell- 
odcretsed return envelope. Tho names of charoctorg used in oll MAD 
fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious A similarity without satiric pur- 
pota 10 û living persa is ۸ 8 Pn^ted i^ USA 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


WHO'S WHO ON OUR RIDICULOUS COVER 


1. Napster geek Sean Fanning 


2. William M. Gaines, Jerry Garcia stunt double (1968-1974) 
3. Jerry Garcia, William M. Gaines stunt double (1974-1982) 


4. Hammy Priceline huckster William Shatner 
5. Powerless foreign figurehead Queen Elizabeth 
6. Enchanting French Canadian songstress Celine Dion 
7. Soon to be washed-up rap star Ludacris 
8. Halrless commercial Jingle writer Moby 
9. Soulless soul sister Alicia Keyes 
10. Pink (Billy Idol with hreasts) 
11. Vapid pop princess Mandy Moore 
12. Bill Clinton (his hand Is on Barney's ass) 
13. Nasal, incoherent folk oddity Bob Dylan 
14. Monotoned New Age droner Enya 
15. Decrepit rock embarrassment Mick Jagger 
16. Lil’ Bow Wow (the thinking man's Lil’ Romeo) 
17. Pretentious poetess poser Jewel 
18. Over-rated hack Beethoven 
19. Soon-to-be surgically-altered freakazoid Michael Jackson 
20. Surgically-altered freakazoid Michael Jackson 
21. Eminem's waifish punching bag Christina Aguilera 
22. Horsefaced intergalactic goofball Jar Jar Binks 
23. Jennifer Lopez (a triple threat — can't sing, dance or act) 
24. P. Diddy, a.k.a. Puff Daddy, a.k.a. A-Hole 
25. Irritating, ageless dinosaur Dick Clark 
26. Irritating, ageless dinosaur Barney 
27. Hermaphroditic has-been Marilyn Manson 
28. Al Yankovic, only legit musician shown on this cover 
29. Russell Crowe (a beauliful mind, a lousy singer) 
30. Elvis Presley (currently residing in Kalamazoo, Michigan) 
31. Blue collar billionaire Bruce Springsteen 
32. Wannabe classical composer Billy Joel 
33. Suck-up io the stars Carson Daly 
34. Overrated shock monkey Eminem 
35. Gwen Stefani (Please return my phone calls —Ed.) 


36. En Vogue como-latolys 
Destiny's Child 
37. Demented diva Mariah Carey 
38. 'N Credibly 'N Noying 
boy band ‘N Sync 
39. The Osbournes (well into 
thelr 14th minute of fame) 
40. Former member of Wings 
Sir Paul McCartney 
41. Whiny exhibitionist Alanis Morissette 
42. Kiddie host with sweater 
fetish Mr. Rodgers 
43. Britney Spears, virgin (YEAH, RIGHT!) 
44, Elton John (second most revered 
queen In England) 
45. Ubiquitous Winamp shill 
Alfred E. Neuman 
46, Immaterial Girl Madonna 


1-800 CALL ATT for Collect Calls 2002 X Gamas Swwuupstakes 
OFFICIAL RULES 
NO TELEPHONE CALL OR PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN, 
PLACING A CALL OR MAKING A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. 

ELIGIBILITY: Sweepstakes 1¢ open 10 legal resipents o! Ina 5U Linnean States, Disricr af Columbia, and tha LLS Virgin islands who ara 11 years of aga or older as of 6/17/02, except employees ot AIK! (Sponsor), ESPN, Ine rame, ano 
their respective parente, subsidiaries and affiliates and advertising and promotion agencies and Project Support Team, Inc. and each ot their immediate family membere (including mother, tathor, ictor, brothor, any child, hutband or wife) 
and those living in thelr households. Sweepstakes وا‎ void in Puerto Rico and where prohibited. Eligible minore should obtain their parent's or legal guardian's consent prior to entry. 

TWO WAYS TO PARTICIPATE: A.) 1-800 CALL ATT: During the period 6/17/02 (12:00 AM Eastern Time CET H to 7/28/02 (11:59 PM ET) (the "promotion period"), each time you place a 1-800 CALL ATT collect call using prompt #2 and the 
call Charges are accepted, you will be automatically witered in the 1-800 CALL ATT for Collect Calis X Games 2002 Sweepstakes. Calls must originate ang terminate in tne 50 United States, District of Columbia, of the U.S, Virgin Islands tu 
be e@ligipie for entry. 1-800 CALL ATT Collect Call antries will be randomly intercepied during tne promotion period to 20vise Callers (not cali recipients) if they have won 3 0020 &ubjeet to venticanion or etigibiity as Outlined in these Official 
Hules, It your call ie intercoptod by an ۸۱۱ operator Informing you that you nave won A First rize, you must provide the toliowing information 10 the operator: your name, complote mailing address, home phone numbor, dato o! birth and 
phone number where you ean be reached during business hours. 1! you are an eligible minor, you must also provide the name, complete mailing address and home phone number of your parent or legal guardian. Refusal to provide any 
requested information will result in automatio diequalifioation, "Collect Moccaging™ calle (whoroby o cailor can leave a moccago on an ancworing machine) are not eligible for ontry in the oweopotakes. B.) U.S. MAIL: To anter via U.S. Mail 
without making û 1 800 CALL ATT collect call, during the period 6/17/02 to 7/28/02, hand print on ۵ 37 x 6" pioc Of paper your nomo, address, zip codo, daytime phone number, age, date ol birth (il you are an eligible minor, you must also 
provide the name, complete mailing address and home phone number of your garent of legal guardian) and the words "1-900 CALL ATT” and mail it to: 1-600 CALL ATT for Collect Calls X Games 2002 Sweeoslakes. PO Bux 13000. 
Bridgeport, CT 06637-3060. Mail-in entries must be received by 8/5/02. Mechanically reproducey entries are not permitted. Entries become property of Sponsor. Mail-in entries that are mutilated. illegible. lost. late. misdirected. postage 
due or incomplete are not eligible. You may enter by mail as often as you wish. however. only one entry per stamped envelope. For 1-800 CALL ATT collect call entrants, the use of automated devices (or any other devices intended to auto- 
mate any aspect of entry) to place calls is prohibited. If Sponsor, in its sole discretion. determines that an entrant has used a device to automate entry, all entries from that entrant will be void. Sponsor is not responsible for telephonic, 
human or computer failures, problema or errors. interruptions in service due to system upgrades. repairs, modifications or other causes. re routing of calls, failures or malfunctions of connections, phones, phonelines or telephone ayatems, 
ATAT operator errors, inaudible responses, technical or mechanical malfunctions, or other malfunctions, problems or errors, whether caused by equipment, programming, human encor or atherwise JUDGING First Prize winners will be ۰ 
domly selected from among all eligible 1-800 CALL ATT Collect calls accepted and all eligible mailed entiies received. All Fist Prizes nol awarded at the conclusion of the promotion period (I any) will be awarded in a second chance ag: 
ing from among all eligible mailed entries recelved that have not already been selected as First Prize winners To be Included In the second chance drawing, fallow optinn R desrrihed above Second chance drawing winnars of unclaimed 
prizes (if any) will be elected on or about 86/02 In the event lewer entries tor thes drawing are recemed than the number of unawarded prizes available. the balance of these unawarded prizes will not be distributed. Grand Prize winner 
will be randomly selected on or about 8/8/02 from among all First Prize winners selected and will be notified by telephone on or about 8/6/02 (and subsequontly will recelve a prize notification letter by overnight shipment). No message will 
be left on an answering machine. If selected Grand Prize winner is unable to participate in the 1-800 CALL ATT for Collect Calls X Games 2002 Grand Prizes described below for any reason or cannot be reached by telephone within 24 
hours of first attempt to notify such winner, Grand Prize winner will be disqualified and an alternate winner will be randomly selected from remaining First Prize winners. Odds of winning a prize will depend on the number of e'igibl entries 
received. Placing a 1-800 CALL ATT collect call wil) not Increase your chances of winning. PRIZES/ODDS: If Grand Prize winner selected is between 11 and 18 years of age, winners parent or legal guardian can select etiner option A or 
option A aascrined nalow. 1f Grana Priza winnar sainctad عا‎ over 18 yaars of aga, only option A will be avallable to that winnar Only ona option will ha awarded as prize. (1) Grand Prize: (Option A) 4 days might trip for four (4) 10 the Z002 
Summer X Gamos (currently scheduled for 8/16/02-8/19/02), consisting of round trip coach air transportation trom nearest major airport in the U.S. to winnor'e recidonco to Philadolphia, PA (or ground trancportation if winner resides within a 
toaconablo driving dictanco from (cite of X Gamoc) at determined by Sponcor), ctandard double occupancy hotel accommodations, ground trancportation (to/trom hotol and the airport), onc day 0606055 to the athlote loungo, tour of tho 
broadcast facility, meet and greet with Dave Mirra and ۵ total of 5500 spending money, ۱۱ the 2002 Summer X Games are canceled or postponed for any reason, Grand Prize trip will be re-scheduled in its entirety. Dave Mirra's sppearance 
i$ Gubject to availability, (Approximate Retail Value "ARV"= 516,500 (unless ground transportation is used, in which event ARV will De $12,500)). (Option B) 7 day/6 night trip lor two (2) to Camp Woodward in Woodward, PA talienidunce to 
camp is tor Grand Prize winner only), consisting of round trip coach air transportation trom nearest major airport in the U.S. to winner's residence to (site of camp) (ot ground transportation d winner resides within a reasonable 64۱۷۱۵۵ dis- 
tance trom Camp Woodward as determined by Sponsor). standard double occupancy hotel accommodations (tor traveling companion), ground transportation (to/from hotel and the airport). one (1) week stay at the camp tor the Grand Prize 
winner only and à total o! $500 spending money, (ARV- $10,090 (unless ground transportation is used, in which event ARV will be $9,990)), Expenses not specifically stated herein are winner's sole responsibility. Winner and guest(s) 
must travel on same itinerary and on dates apecifiod by Sponsor or prize will be forfeited in its entircty and on alternate Grand Prize winner will be aclocted from amongst remaining First Prize winners. (2,100) Firat Prizes: Call ATT/X 
Games T-Shirt (ANV: S5). The value of all prizes may be taxable income. Insurance and all applicablo federal, state and local taxes are the sole responsibility of winner. No transfer, cash redemption or substitution of prizes by winners 
{unless approved in willing by Sponsor) except that Sponsor may substitute prize will: a prize of comparable or greater value. Total ARV of all prizes = $27,000. 

MISCELLANEOUS: Prizes wan by eligible minors (if any) will be awarded in name of the minor's parent or legal guardian However. if an eligible minor is selected as the Grand Prize winner minor must attend the Grand Prize trip selected 
and be accompanied by his/her parent or legal guardian. Grand Prize winner (it minor, his/her parent or legal guardian) must sign and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, Liability Release and (where legal) Publicity Release and return the come 
pleted documents in the pre-paid overnight envelope provided within 2 working days of issuance of notification. Winner's traveling companions (if any is a minor, his/her paront/lcgal guardian) must also sign and return a Liability Release 
and (vehere legal) Publicity Release prior to issuance ol travel documents. Failure to comply with these requirements will result in prize being forfeited and an alternate winner being selected. Dy entering, participants (il minor, their 
parentlegal quardian) agree to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the judges which shall be final and binding in af respects and further agree that 1.) Sponsor, ESPN, The Familie, and helt respective parents, subsidiaries end 
affiliates and advertising and promotion agencies may use (unless prohibited by law) their name, chy and state of residence, photograph and/or heess for advertising and/or trade and/or any other purpose In any media now or hereafter 

Mnrwn without further compensation, permission or notification anc 2 ) that the aforestated parties. Project Support Team, Inc am ali of their respertive officere, directors, Gmployooc, roprogontatives and agens shall have nn ۱۱۵9 and | 
will هط‎ held harmless for any ability, loss, injury or damage to participant or any other parson or entity, including personal injury or death to entrant or any other porcon or damage to porconal or real property due in whole or in part, directly 
or indirectly, by reason of the acceptance, possession, uso or misuse of any prize that may be won and any travel or activity related thereto or participation in this sweepstakes. Sponsor reserves tho right, in ite sole discretion to void sus- 
pect entries and/or cancel, terminate or suspend any portion of this sweepstakes should virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention or other causes beyond the control of Sponsor corrupt or impair the administration, security, fairness or 
proper play of the sweepstakes and, in any such event, ai ils discretion select winner from eligible non-suspect entries received. 
WINNERS LIST: For the name of tne Grand Prize winner, sand a self-addressed, stamped envelope 10: 1-800 CALL ATT 2002 X Games Winners, PO Box 13105, Hndgeport, CT U65/3-3105. All requests must be received Dy Rau 
RULES: (0 near tne Orne Hules call (BUO) 833-1928 Dy 7/29/02, FOr a COPY Of Ihe Orticial Rules Seng a 981-300186560, stamped envelope Dy 8/30/02 to: 1-800-CALL ATT 2002 X Games Rules, PO Rox 13106, Briageport, C1 06673 
3108. 


Sponsor: ATAT, Basking Ridge, 295 H. Maple Avenue, NJ 07920 


Deviant Crreeunet‏ واه ناش داش 


Copyright © 2006 by EC Publications, Inc. 


` 
ا‎ CARROT TOP 


DIALING CHAMPION 


BE Vou 


TRIP FOR FOUR TO THE X GAMES. 
FOUR DAYS AND THREE NIGHTS AND $500. 


7 Wes 
9 le 
vu 


. TRIP FOR TWO FOR 
ONE WEEK TO CAMP WOODWARD. 


em em  —— —— o zm o zm e em ^ zm "^ zm am c» cm e cm zm am e en e mm e ze mone mm ضام‎ em e e e o ooo ooo es en o em e es 


No purchase necessary, Void where prohibited. See Official Rules on adjacent page for complete details 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


@ DARK SIDE OF THE TUNES DEPT. 
From the horrifying, five octave, eardrum-splitting screech of Mariah Carey to 


MADS the horrifying, mind-numbing, morosely monotone drone of Enya to the 
horrifying, intensely unpleasant pounding and pontificating of Creed, 

: > today’s music scene offers a wide variety of sounds and stars to 

disturb, alienate and incense everyone. But who and what are the 


industry's absolute biggest offenders? We're sure you have your 
list, and we not-so-humbly invite you to compare it with our own... 


Record companies that charge $18 for a „then go to Congress and 
CD that costs them 75 cents to make... complain that Napster is stealing. 


=| ar 
Er pes 


Every single installment of VHT S : 
Behind The Music, which has New Age slop like Enya that would 
only two possible endings: make a unicorn throw up its moonbeams. 


A. The subjects back in the biz 
and on the verge of making a 
huge comeback with their 
new internet-only album, even 
though they've sold only five 
records since 1976 and this is 
the first camera crew that's 
paid attention to them since 
the Shah ruled Iran. 


B. They were just about to 
make a huge comeback, except 
whoops, they dropped dead. 


The lingering memory of those 
Britney Spears Justin Timberlake 
“neld at third base” virginity updates, 
as if they were the breeding pandas 
at the Washington National Zoo. 


$ ART ux RD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


One-hit wonders. A three-way tie: 

When Eagle-Eye Cherry leaves uneven streaks on your car. 
gets to clamber up a non-stop parade of When Shawn Mullins messes up your Happy Mea! order. 
fresh supermodels, like a monkey climbing When Sixpence None the Richer gets into a nasty bottle 

a forest of palm trees to qrab coconuts. fight with Ma$e over that last slice of roast rat. 


Just because a little fidget like Billy Joel 
took piano lessons 45 years ago, he now 


Destinys Child's constant "religious" yapping. We've 
been through the New Testament forwards and 
backwards, and not once does it mention Jesus | We give all praise 
Christ's rooting for them to win a Grammy. to Jesus Christ, our 
۲ Lord and Savior! 
We are Just the 
voice for the 
Almighty's song! It 
was also His divine 
grace that forced 
the penny-pinching 
bastards at 
Columbia to 
sweeten their 
cheap-ass Eurasian 
distribution deal! 
Thank you, Jesus! 


/ 
EM 


Sir Paul McCartneys god-awful 


caterwauling of "FREEDOM! FREEDOMI Despite what 
FREEDOM!” Those lyrics make “100 Alanis or Jewel | 
Bottles Of Beer On The Wall” sound dccp. would desper- 
: ately like you 
to believe, 


horrible 7th 
grade poetry 
doesn't get any 4 E 
better when its EK: 


William Shatners | 
strained efforts, a jc € 
mere 30 years too |, 75 
late, to convince | 
the world that he 
was always "in" on 
the joke. م‎ 


Phase Onc of commercial radios master plan 一 

to play the samc cight crappy songs over and over 
until no onc can stand it — is complete. Phase Two 
— to make desperate chumps pay for the "miracle" 
of satellite radio — is officially underway. 


Watching poor 91-year-old Dick Clark 
have to pretend to give half a crap about 
Ludacris, Shaggy or Alien Ant Farm. 


The disturbing 


conclusion ST 50, Shaggy! Er the Kids love your music! 
that if singers Yep, that's what they tell mel Soooo, 
like Mandy Shaggy. Shaggy! You're not so shaggy 


in person! Aw, for the love of pete. 
can somebody feed me a clue here? 


Moore, Fminem 
and Britney Spears 
keep "acting" in 
movies while stars 
like Russell Crowe, 
Kevin Bacon and 
Bruce Willis keep 
touring with 
their lousy bar 
bands, an enter- 
tainment-starved 
America will be 
forced to make 
their own 
shadow animals 
on the walls. 


Kooky diva Mariah Carey receiving a $49 million 
buyout to tear up her contract with Virgin aftcr 
the multimedia G/itter bomb. That works out to: 


= $75,000 per unnecessary syllable, during her 
caterwauling shriekfests. 


= $900,000 for every time Ms. Carey’ "people" 
robotically repeated the diagnosis of "nervous 
exhaustion.” 


= $1.6 million for every time 
Mariah said the phrase, 
"| love you guys" to her 
fans during her 2001 
“I'm Not Crazy" damage 
control tour. 


= $9 million for each 
customer who came 
back to see G/itter 
a second time. 


Lamebrain apologists who explain that hateful, misogynist 
lyrics are simply an extension of Americas long tradition of 
protest music. Somehow we missed the folk song where 
Peter and Paul sang about chopping up Mary. 


What Eminem's lyrical 
critics fall to realize is 
that he's expressing a 
powerful rage in a 
unique and important 
way! Sometimes with 
a crowbar! 


20-year-old 

Alicia Keys 

telling the 

world 
about her lifelong 
struggle to realize 
her artistic vision. 
Alicias keeping it 
real, all right. Real 
whiny. 


Fools who stampede to the record store as ‘N Syncs Lance Bass want- 
soon as they hear about a singer dying, ing to be the next civilian to 
because everyone knows that whenever blast into outer space on a 
that happens, thelr music magically goes Russian rocket. Is there a 


away and is never heard again. better way to start an inter- 
zu galactic conflict with angry 


| alien warriors than sending 
LOWER RAE ۱ 


e SPECIAL POSTMORTEM SALE! سیب‎ Those legendary 4-and-a-half-hour Springsteen con- 


certs arent such a bargain when you realize that 3 
hours of it is Bruces inane between-songs chatter. 


Yuh know, | can remem- 
ber goin down to the 
shore to buy me a chili 
dog! Couldn’ afford no 
steak ‘cause my boss, 
Mr. Mann, he told me, 
"Son, times is rough!" 
Funny thing bout times! 
They're never smooth, 
leastways not on this 
side o' the tracks! But 
when | hit that open 
road, | could feel the 
weariness flyin’ offa me 
at ‘bout 75 miles per 
hour! But there's one 
thing 3 man can't speed 
away from. and that's his 
dreams and his fears! 
Now that's two things. 
but sometimes thay get 
all balled up into one 
great big thing! Which 
reminds me of my 


Rock The Vote. Now theres a brilliant Idea. e d : 
Lets take a bunch of clueless dorks who ý EI) ۱ b 
. mm 5 h bi Së 
think our President is the band that did ۱ Sen, 
"Machinehead" and "Glycerine," herd them 
into the voting booth like the mooing mammals they 
are, and see how much damage they can cause. 


e EX BIR Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MTVS sudden love affair with Ozzy Osbourne. Hey, Rock festivals that promote 
if they thought he was so great, how come they played environmental awareness, then 
maybe two of his songs during the last 20 freakin’ years? leave the concert grounds a 


smoking, trash-strewn field of 
non-recyclable refuse, 


v v ge 
< BB SAVE-THE-EARTH-FEST 
ER rj ` 


Pointless Washington D.C. hearings on music that just so happen 
to occur every election year. That way, Senators can dupe their 
voters into thinking that they're "doing something about" Rap. 
(Although its always classic comedy to watch dumb old white guys 
trying to discuss the Constitutionality of shizzling one’s nizzle.) 


The honorable gentleman from 
Massachusetts is obviously unaccustomed 
to dealin’ wif a megadose of reality, from 
tha L to tha O to tha double-T! 


The honorable gentleman 
from Mississippi needs 
to get all up out of 
my grill! Whoot! 


The fact that theres 
no legal way to 
prevent LI Bow Wow 
from becoming eligible 
for the Rock and Roll Hall of 
Fame in the spring of 2025. 


Ticket scalpers who apparently possess 


wx E Nr ۱ ` ; y 
wn NS d complete access to the operating code 
: y ۱ ۱ SP i ۱ ۱ for the time-space continuum. 
: E ® سے ا‎ 


f TE N 


MR. KENNEDY 


Completely 
unnecessary 
box sets by 
easily ignored 
bands filled 
with “rare” live 
performances, 
alternate takes 
and acoustic 
versions 

of songs 

their own 
mothers can't 
even hum. 


Motown reunion tours which keep going, going, 
going long after all the original members are long 
since dead, dead, dead. 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 9 


Music magazines 
desperate for a 
fresh angle. After 
rooking qullible 


ST readers into 
swallowing 
Due nonexistent 
ووه‎ 


trends such as 
"the year of the 
woman," “the 
Latin explosion," 


Fans who shout out the 


most obscure song EM 
request imaginable, j 3» A OVa Reads 
under the mistaken ar ) y Bennett- 


mania," whats to | 
stop them from 
going ۷ 
nuts next ycar 
and tricking 
people into "the 
techno oom pah 
pah sound”? 


impression that this makes all 
the other people think 
they're looking at the 
coolest, in-the-know 
dude in the room. 


Do "Losing 
My Religion”! 


I'd like to hear 
"Disturbance at 
the Hero House"! 


Taking the "six degrees of separation" 
theory and applying it to the world of 
rock and roll groupies, that means that 
Elvis Presley had sex with Notorious B.1.G. 


Annoyingalbumtitleswiththewordsallsmooshedtogcther 


Somewhere, at this very moment, a 
future Mrs. Rod Stewart is being born. 


The Hard Rock Cafe. Its tough enough 
enjoying thcir stinko $11 hockcy puck 
hamburgers without having to force 'em 
down while staring right at Meat Loafs 
sweat-stained stage slacks. 


Celine Dions $100 million Las 
Vegas deal, which she claims lets 
her spend time with her family 
and her fans. Hmm, lets break this 

puppy down. Losers who've just blown 

their life savings on a hard 8 get to be 
consoled in their lowest moment by 

Celines cacophonous caterwaulings. 

That new "miracle baby" of hers gets to 

grow up in a world of grifters, Mafia 

goons and hagged-out strippers. And 

Celines husband gets to recuperate from 

heart problems by eating at the casinos 

24-hour fried-fat BBQ spread. Looks like 

` "Pi everybodys a winner! 


کے 


im — IAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Live acts who make it obvious just how 


badly they needed extensive studio 
tweaking, tape splicing, and major digi- 


Live acts who just 


prance around while 

lip-synching to their 

prerecorded DAT tal enhancement, so that you've just 
paid $35 to listen to ghastly "rough-edged" per- 


tapes, so that you've just 
paid $35 to listen to the 


exact CD you already have. already have (and once liked). 


Today, as in the 1960s, Bob Dylan 

remains the voice of his 

generation: / 

creaky, 
abrasive and 
increasingly hard į 
to understand. ` 


A S 


Unimaginative rap videos that try to make you forget 
how terrible the song is by using mobs of almost-naked 
bimbos doing splits and being hosed down. Do they 
think we're so horny we'll put up with anything? 


Join us in sending an 
important message 

by turning this cynical 
crap OFF! Uh, right 
after the part 

where that babe 
bends over the 
diving board... 
shhh, here it 

comes... 


formances that sound nothing like the CD you 


» 


Live acts who encourage 

audience participation 

with endless "let me hear 

you!” chorus singalongs, 
so that you've just paid $35 to lis- 
ten to the drunk sweathog bellow- 
ing in the seat right behind you. 


Its looking like there won't be a single well-loved 
song of the past that won't end up being whored 
out for some cheesy ad campaign. Now its only a 
matter of time until everyone under the age of 35 
thinks The Rolling Stones was the band who wrote 


songs for a condom company. 


x ën, Bal 
JANS 


AT A DRUGSTORE NEAR YOU 


Obsessive websites by crazed 
fans that chart the smallest 
minute-by-minute details about 
their idols’ lives and careers. 


Click to See Th 
Water Bills trom 1997 god Py 


Click to View Tho 
m 
Personal ATM Code Ra 


Click to See This 
Sites 
Awards and Restraining Ürders 


Click to See Radi $ 
ohead's Ful 
Be SIT 18 Non-Existen goe Se Ye, 4 
۱۱۷۷ Over My “Superior Collection” 


The real nightmare of human cloning 

is that we could end up with 400,000 

simpering self-pitying lite-grunge 

bands ripping off Pearl Jam, instead 
of just the 400 we have now. 


11 


BAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


GS 
OUT... 


Movies that 
cram three 
songs ina 
row over the 
end credits, for no 
reason in the world 
except so they can 
legally include 
them on the CD 
soundtrack as 
“songs from...” 


Those mobs of 
yammering 
teenagers who 
spend an entire 


day blocking the streets so 
they can keep their spot for 
staring up at the TRL win- 
dow. It makes New Yorkers 
nostalgic for the time when 
the only high-pitched 
screaming heard in Times 
Square came from tourists 
being mugged. 


VH15 mule-headed insistence on producing an annual ۱ ۱ 
“Diva” concert from an ever-shrinking talent pool will Conspiracy theorists 
lead to the cultural “diva-lution” of the show. always play heavy metal 


The way Sting cares more about the living condi- 

tions of some tree slug in the rain forest than he 

does the other two guys from the Police, who Gospel music. 
haven't worked since he dumped them in 1983. If the sound- 


records backwards for 

Satanic messages, but 
never the music of Barney or Mr. 
Rogers, to see what instructions 
they've been sending for years 
and years to an impressionable 
army of five-year-olds. 


Bands who struggle for 
years to get noticed, 
catch lightning in a 
bottle and get that 
huge, career-breaking hit song, 
then resent being categorized 
and refuse to play their only 
tune anyone cares about. 


track for Heaven Is 
wall-to-wall stomping, 
clapping, howling and 
repeating the same 
phrasc like “oh yes, 
He is" 128 times ina 
row, please put our 
names down on the 
“eternal damnation” 
siqnup shcct. 


The oboe. We 
just don't like it. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NO SHIRT 
NO SHOFS 


NO X GAMES 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


TALES mo, LAST BANGO 
wpa IN PARIS 


E CLAIRE, here we are in PARIS, - YES, my darling, as 
(S the most ROMANTIC CITY in 4 OH.YES! Just ex 
SH the WORLD! | think TONIGHT t PROMISE me 


should be the night that we js that uou'll WEAR 
CONSUMMATE our LOVE. VL. PROTECTION! 


n‏ مس وج مت 


If 1 wind up PREGNANT, i It was DARK! How was | 


| buster, I'LL KILL YOU! rss supposed to know the CONDOM 
/ was made by FIRESTONE! 


But Claire, be 
REASONABLE! 


Wek 


os SSS 


14 BRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


IN STORES NOW! 


CATCH EM ON 3744 THIS SUMMER! 


GET CRUSHED: SMACKDOWNRECORDS.COM 3 
ud AVAILABLE AT fye NEUROTICA.NET ٠ KOCHENTERTAINMENT.COM KEG 


PRODUCED BY: DOUG KAYE. MIXED BY: KEVIN “CAVEMAN” SHIRLEY ٠ ©2002 World Wrestling Entertainment, Ine. MI RightsReserved. . . 


ID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BETTER YET, DOWNLOAD THE 


re = 


ALFRED 3 NEUMAN/ WINAMP 3 SKIN“ 


AND ENTER FOR ۸ CHANCE TO WIN A MAD MAGAZINE 5010 ANNIVERSARY PRIZE PACK! 


WINAMP 3 --WITH ENHANCED LLAMA-WHIPPING FUNCTIONALITY: 

Freeform skins! (No more need for silly rectangular windows!) € Uber powerful media library lets you sort and 
search all of your music easily! © Video support! (Now you can throw all of those "nature" videos you downloaded directly 
into your playlist!) € Built-in crossfader option allows you to meld your tracks together into a seamless mix! 

. and so much more you will just have to see to believe! 
Be the first on your block to have the greatest media player to come along since.. anman... Winamp 2 


The MAD Neumanisms 
Ultimate Collector's Package 


A musi CD provided by AOL Music 


—— "Hn Pres 


NO PURCHASE OR ONLINE REGISTRATION NECESSARY A PURCHASE DOES NOT 
IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. 

1. HOW TO ENTER: Visit wencwinomp.com, and the merptioke entry 
ken cs prompted, which mew be complete in order for your entry 19 be ebgibie. 
Sweepstakes begins اه‎ 12.010. (IST) ده‎ June 20, 2002 and ends at 11.57 
(ST) on 30, 2002, ond ell ontriog erg bo rocoived by 11:59 p.m. 
September 30, 2002. EC Publications, Inc. ("Sponsor end Prine Providers 站 
Providers ] ore ro responsible for lava, lox. solen, domoged. gerbled, incomplete, 
misodéeened, postage duc, «x midiuedod rien o mull, lox enon, walnut, 
interruptions, deletions, defects, به‎ delays in operations or trencmizzion of inlorma- 
Kon, in each cose whether arising by way ol technical or other tailures or molluc- 
foes of competer hardware, cofwore, commenicotion devices, of trenumicsion baos 
v dolo corrvetion, Ibelt, destructive, veuvtborized ou وا‎ cr alteration of entry 
moteriols, loss e otheraise. Sponsor ond Price Providers disdaim ony liobility lor 
pr e re Oui V 
ممتعدممات ملس‎ m manton with, ha دمم‎ and 

Pis edo rere ef oes pe orn mata con abt 
ec spend this Sweepsiohes and condect the drowing with ofl eligible egen 
received vp وا‎ thet point should e views, bus, unovisoricd humen intervention oe 
ether renee hopand Spot canted anc oe ect the عمج عجوم‎ eren 
Seleness ot proper condua of the Sweepstakes. Eech co-line entry will be ótemed 10 
ker ber volat by thee record holder d ibe vn orant from which the entry 
congested Lend ene eniry pet person, househeld or email eddress. lí there ore ايك‎ 
iplo ordrin, Spom.or will only occupi the fru! one recived. All oniri become ths 
ache property of the spama and will aot be retumed را‎ 

2. SELECTION OF WINNERS: Winners will be determined on or about Ociober 
M, 2002 from ameng oll chgible entries received. y» mil be conducted 
by Warnes Bros. Online whose decisions ore final. Odds 
upaa the number of eligible entries record. Winner well ston wm e eil, 


depend Jager, 


end prices will be sent by November 4, 2002, cod pie will be sent io the 
eddiect given on the entry form. H prize i¢ won by o mino, d may be owerded 
in the mame of o parent or legal guardan. Winners agree to wie of nemo 
hometowns & likenesses ond/or prize information for purposes of advertising, 


m. ptomotion end publicity ia amy extrem without udditiovc! compensation lu the 


extont pormitiod by low, amy roch ure with respect te minors وا‎ be subject وا‎ 


¢ price approval of parent or legel geerdiza. If ony prize notification letter os any 


0 is returned os undeliverable or connor bo cworded ۱۵ the selected winner 
jor vay season, the prize will be uwurded to un eltetmute wise buodem 
Spoases reserves the right to modity eetifitetion procedures in cos- 
nection with the selection of alternate winners, il رمه‎ 
3. PRITES AND APPROLUMATE RETAIL VALUES ("ARV"): Fey (50) Geond Prine: ۸ 
> —_ 50th ما بل‎ Po. Prive 本 Zen پل‎ following: > 
let |, An Autogtoph Meer Thi 

In Mes | d pepe p Ro 
beren Une Collector ١ Pockage ) $24 95): ond Morie CO's pro- 
vided by AOL Music (517.98). Totol gi dll Prizes: S3571. One winner per 
lomily «od oddiess ond/or household. Spoor reverees the right to substitute 
prize ol equal or greater rcloil value. Wo other sebstitution or froasler or cash 
equivalent ol priro permitted. All tarax, loot ond other expences no! tpacilied 
herein are the sole respeetability of prize winner Spomor ond Prite Provider(s} 
moi reypomible for prize ern. quality or otherwise. Al peices ore quoranteed 
o be + 
4. ۱۱۵۱۵۱۱/۳۶ Teeepgaker open to individesl legal residents of the 50 
Continental United Slates and the District of Columbio, who ore 13 yeers of موه‎ 
or alder os of June 20, 1007. Sweepvokes wold where probibied or restricted 
by يدوا‎ Subject to applicable lederal, deit ond local laws ead rwsisliom、 
aflicors, directors ond agents of EC. Publications, Inc, AQUTime 
Warnes its odvertsers, Ventura Assoootes, lec, porticipating retailers and Prise 


An Autogra xad ١ y of "MAD's 
50 Worst Music" 


a SS 


Providen, and each of their respective parent companies, sebuidiaries, olli 
ates, fy 的 et agents and advertzring, production aed promotion agencies, ond 
zecken of their immedhate forties oe tame kand nzo انامه‎ 

$. MISCELLANEOUS: This jweepstokes will be governed by the interna! tows of 
the Stute ol New Yosh. Any cad ell kal o Been ox ددمل‎ rising in commedia 
woth this $emepetoket mort be broogh! in o covet of competent punedictan with 
in the United States. By participating in this Sweepstakes, each entrant accept 
the condihoes stated im these 0 人 Dal Rules, agrees to be bound by the de. 
sian of the Somer und judges, wura Ihet s/he à eligible to purticiputee ها‎ 
this rr end agrees to release E.C Publications, Inc, ond its odvert- 
ers end Prise Providers ond eoch of their respective poron! companies, swb- 
سمهعوة مجعو‎ and aMiheter mad ofl of ther مج‎ amploynes, athean, 
directors ond ogents from رده‎ and d liability. lors or domages arising la com 
nection with perticipation in this Sweepstohes including, byt not limited to, the 
awerding, المع‎ and/or wie or misuse ol prize, of participation ia any prire- 
telstod activities. Vitit wwwmedmes com to rele! to MAD Magazine Privecy 
Policy for odéitionc! information, 

A CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WES- 
SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LECITIMATE OPERATIONS OT THE SWEEPSTAKES 15 A VIO- 
LATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, 
THE SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH ENTRANT 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 

7. WIRNERS UST. To obtain o copy of the winners List, oveiloble altes November 
4, 2001 send و‎ solf-eddressed, envelope to: LC Publications “MAD 
Mogarine” Sweepstekes Winners List, 1700 Breodwey, NYC, NY 10019. Brech 
must be recelved by November 4, 2002. Winners list will be sem gher selection 
und verification d winner». DO NOT SEND ANY OTHER CORRESPONDENCE TO 
THIS BOX NUMBER. 

V. SPONSOR: L.C Publications, Inc, 1/00 Breedwoy, New York, NY ۰ 


Winamp ond tbe Winamp lego are tredemarks of and © of America UnLine, Inc., All Rights Resarved. MAD is a trademark of EC. Publications „Int. 


ight © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


D TECTA, 


Bring some 
comfortable 
shoes so you 
can flee in 

terror. It's... 


" 
Worl 


UK s >、 ۳ p ART TWO ARTIST; BILL WRAY 


7 PIRATES? BEEN THERE, WRITER: ANTHONY BARBIERI 
CARIBBEAN. Ee DONE THAT. ALL THEY WANT IS 
a LET'S H/T IT! ZA YOUR WEED AND YOUR WOMEN. BUT 
GA GOD, DO I MISE MY SMUGGLING ; 4 x 

Aye ORN. D ES MT 
RO IT ALL. AT M BEAFABIE 7 Te YA AN CUPS? rM TELLING YOU, 


WE GOTTA GET THIS KID 
PRICES! ^ INTO SPORTS OR SONE- 77 
777 7 IT'S HOW NE SA THING, BUT QUICK. LR 
YOUR FATHER » 7 5 


PAID HS way [ PRA R 
THROUGH TRADE E KZ 
SCHOOL. 和 


7 


NS 


KS 


WHOA.. 
SHOULON'T HAVE EATEN 
SE CORNDOGS. po er 


Ozzy? ۶7۵22 “Se 
HAL JOKE'S ON Your N 
MY EQUILIBRIUM GOT 
DESTROYED BY A UNION 
THUG WHEN HE BUSTED 
MY IWNER SAR WITH A 
A. BASEBALL BAT 
BACK IN /52/ 


BRAD Copyright © 2006 by E C. Publications, Inc. 


THAT'S RIGHT, 
BOY. GET IN THERE 
CLOSE WITH THEM. 

GO AHEAD AND eva 
AGAINST THEIR SOFT / 


SUPPOSED TO 

I su E 

j gu us eo Ka PO, ABOUT THIS 
FORGET IT. ر‎ MESS? 


WAN 
E, 


AT wen 
SOMEONE 
WOULD FREEZE 

BODY. 


THIS PLACE 13 


WHEN WE AMAZING, IT SAYS 


MOVE YOU OUT 
TO SPEND THIS 
WINTER IN THE TREE 


77 

UNDERGROUND! ل‎ 
IMAGINE... NEVER HAVING 
TO 57۸6650 OUT OF A 


BY THE NAKED LIGHT OF 
THE MORNING SUN. 


I HEARD THEY 
GOT OLD WALT'S 
BODY FROZEN IN 
CINDERELLA'S CASTLES 
BASEMENT, 


= 


IT ALL SOUNDS 
LIKE A WONDERFUL 


m! 


A 
7 
72 
乡 
A 
7 


] KEEP IT UP, T 


LIKE THE ONES YOU 
SEE HELE WOULD 
TRADE THE 65/72 OF 
THE AMMALS THEY 
CAUGHT! 


N 
SES: 
SR 


MISTER, AND 7HAT 


ENOUGH MEAT ON 
HER HINCQUARTERS 


EMANCIPATOR, 
ABRAHAM 
LINCOLN, 


TO LAST YOU THE 


WLAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


“GREAT TROUBLEMAKER”! 
BECAUSE OF HIM, 1 CAN'T 
CARRY MY GUN INSIDE 
A DAMN THEATER 
ANYMORE! 


D 


A HUNDRED? 
BIG WHOOP! I e 
GOT ASS WARTS 
THAT ARE A 
HUNDRED! 


LOOK, 


WALT Duer 


ie A HUNDRED / 
THIS YEAR. 0 


GE 
hy 
5 MKAD 


Ca 


EE 


WE HAD TO 40. 
7 BESIDES, VERMIN 

7/4 WAVE BEEN LEAVING 

A, THEIR DROPPINGS AT 
OUR HOUSE FOR 


p 


MAYBE W/LLARP 
SCOTT WILL WISH THEM 


HAPPY BIRTHDAY. 


THAT'S 
DISGUSTING 
NO MATTER HOW MUCH 
THEY TORTURE ME I'LL 


SWEAR Y^ NOT 
WITH Your 


GE 4 
IAA 
It d 


۰ Go ۱ AS 7 
od GZ ROLE 
و‎ | 


5 


—Ó— SS 


Ce MIR 
۲, ۷۲ Y 


KAD Copyright © 2006 by EC Publications, Inc. 


WILLARD 


YOU'RE A 
REGULAR RAY OF 
Florida Sunshine, 
GRANDPA. 


IT’S NOT 
THAT I'M ۵ 
OF YOU GUYS, BUT 
MAYBE I SHOULD 


I MAYBE SWAP Và 
FAMILIES? THOSE M 

ASIANS OVER 

THERE LOOK 


IT WAS, I THINK 
THEY'D BE TOO 


1 WAIT, ThEss 
ALWAYS GUYS CAN TORMENT 
THATS "e ۲۲۳ (KNEW HED ) / THE ELECTRIC PRESIDENTS 
HIM, OFFICER. ۲ Al Go BAD. / ) AND PLUCK AN ANIMATRONIC 


NE Wi 
THE ONE WHO GETTING CARTED 
OFFF 


"ans 


; RIGHT. MAYBE i 5 e 
3 BESIDES, WE'RE GONNA TAKE A 
MUT WES W. TOU SMELT RUCK Wal WELL BE BACK Hyg te QUICK SPIN DOWN TO THE 
THE LITTLE ONES F RAIGHT. Z \ FOR YOU IN A ۳ = KEYS. YOU SIT TIGHT AND 
NEED TO LEARN J 1 Lë ` 
ESSON. HA ES 2 
SQUARES AND 


A WHAT? FINEZ 
T COULO USE THE 
R f 


3 ۱ 


SEES Gow 


E 


25 , ۰ LOOK ON THE 

- 3 z 7 BRIGHT SIDE, 
SORRY, KID. WE GOT 2p WE NEED TO A BOY. YOU'LL GET 
A FULL HOUSE COMING IN. A VA REE UP SOME SPACE N © YOURSELF A MCE 
GONNA HAVE TO COME j 4 6O YOU'RE BEING ` ; TAN AND LEARN 


TRANSFERRED TO THE 
OKEECHOBEF BOYS 


NEXT EPISODE. . . MONROE AND THE BIG HOUSE! 


IA Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


punishing: 26,875 


Tournaments underway: S82 


Prizes on the Ime: 5,000 


x "EY 
4 
5 pe 


In secands, Magic: The Gathering? Online lets you 
access over a thousand powerful creatures and 
spells. All different. All deadly. 

And every year, hundreds 
more are added to 

the arsenal. 


Magic® Online: 
Second to none. 


OLAOLILI T STRATEGIC MOST COMPETITION 


JD Copyright @ 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


HEADQUARTERS 


—— دح و‎ t 


i stoner 


e EAS TN. 2 pA ^ 
Of C. NE T] 
منم سم‎ 


ur 
a 


ES BIR Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST AND WRITER: PETER KUPER 


WRAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


23 


y ABC announced that thoyg d: of 


Many political experts now believe that thousands of near-senile 
viewers got so used to Millionaire’s “vote A, B, C, or D” formula that 
their confusion led directly to the Florida 2000 election fiasco. 


Fc Nm. 3 ES A * a The entire nation has been comforted by the knowledge that 


In this time of international crisis, the United States 
Millions of viewers, seeing so very few black people ارانيد‎ : 
on screen, were tricked into thinking they were watching either continues to lead the world in knowing stupid crap. 
Hockey Night on ESPN or C-SPAN's Senate coverage. 


PRIMETIME 
SUN DAY MONDAY TUESDAY WED 


MILLIONAIRE | | ۳۱۱۱۵۸۱۸۱۹۴ H At Tow me] rici row 


TAILLIOMAIRÉ ۱ sD 
"ee Gs 


The red- faced omborrosement the show's producers felt when they realized 
Millionaire’s very odd TV schedule...9 p.m. on Sundays, Wednesdays, 
Mondays, Thursdays, Tuesdays, or maybe Fridays...er, occasionally, it 

might be at 8 p.m., except sometimes ABC skips it — and that's not counting 

the weird 30-minute or 90-minute episodes — was infinitely tougher for 
viewers to figure out than any of the show's dodo- brained questions. 


24 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


Yes, that’s right, Regis. Good for youl 
| co-own the 8th-largest Good for you! 
collection of barber Good for you! There! 
shop quartet sheet | just made another 
music in all of Oregon! $22,000 in salary! 


4 <“. 


= ۳ + | c 


SA 1 d dd 


Up in Connecticut, the throbbing knot of jealousy T ARS 
in the pit of Kathie Lee’s stomach is now three Meaningle 


^ - 1 
Himes larger than Cody's biggest-ever poopy! meaningless TV “infinitesimally-undetectable-by-the-most- 


powerful-electron-microscope-on-Earth” talk. 


a CS D o m Da E 
Rather than slave away for years to create a better, more advanced 
world, many research scientists are quitting their jobs after realizing 


that they'll never take home as much cash as some unemployed geek 
does for guessing, with a 50/50 choice, the dog's name on Frasier. 


25 


۳ 
Ere 


Ki-er-ggeezz-stan SG ER SY ees ام‎ zn ۱ 
7 SR Jeopardy! ww -一 go home with "only" $27, m 


are now laughed at as the total losers they are. 


m aring the number of v number of ways Regis Philbin is capable of Bee 
"Aaliyah" or "Ichiro Suzuki" has sent viewers into d lingering funk, 
wondering about the magnitude of the screw-ups they're editing out. 


Millions of brain-dead high school seniors have been stunned 

upon discovering that colleges do not consider the applicant's 

ability to put four movies in the correct order of their release 
to be knowledge worthy of 0 full tuition scholarship. 


People n no o longer me m strange to place one's 
entire financial future into the hands of random 
strangers who have the free time to stand on line 
all day to watch a game show taping. 


Countless mentions of "our friends at AT&T" have helped 
the company build the warmest, most personal image of all 


og the soulless telecommunication conglomerates. 


Ð Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


3 ` 
Run home to mommy when you see the "Tower of Power" coming. With it’s 460 gh cy 
watts and ground-thumping dual-subwoofers, the HX-Z3 will s change right out of 
your pockets. And the MP3 Playback guarantees the party isn’t going Shi ye say E 


When you blast your Tower of Power, people listen. E; j Pp 
m £5 LM WT 
See you in detention at www.jvc.com. ^ Miri. ان‎ 


www.jvc.com 


D Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BAKULA TO THE FUTURE DEPT. 


Here's a quick lesson on how smart highly-paid network TV programmers are. In 1966, the 
original Star Trek heqan its five-year mission. Two years later, NRC decided Trek was a money 
loser and cancelled it. Audience protests got them to change their mind, bul after one more 
season, they killed it AGAIN. Well, 80 gajillion spinoffs, toys, conventions, books, movies and 
a couple of very unfortunate record albums later, we can see what a brilliant move trying 
to snuff out Star Trek was. Dut did the TV boneheads pay for their blunder? Hell no! The 
cash they're pulling in off this franchise shows no sign of stopping, ever. In fact, it's an... 


Approach! This is Admiral AVaa of the 
starvessel Gleenx! Despite our having 
equipment developed in another time 
by another culture on the other side 
of the universe, we have no problem 
linking with your completely different 


| am Jonathan Starchshirt, Captain of the 
U.P.N. Endless-prize! Or, as the fans call 
me, "Kirk Lite"! Our mission is to interact 
with new forms of life under the Prime 
Directive! But our real mission is the 
Prime Time Directivel And that's to save 


T'Bag, second-in-command and the 
iciest, coldest bitch since The Weakest 

Link's Anne Robinson! Because of my 
superior intellect. I've been put on this 
shipl And because of my superior anti- 
gravity Vulcan sweater sweets, I've been 


technology! Go figure! Anyway, identify 
put on screen savers by every dateless 


Trekkie! My most important character trait 
is absolute logic! Which is why I've been 
banned from the writers’ meetings! 


yourselves! Start with the one who looks V © this garbage scow of a network! | mean, 
like that guy from Quantum Leap! ۱ ‘| The Hughleys, Girlfriends and Roswell? 
; : e = Black holes like those make the Klinkons f 


and the Bore look like Mousketeers! 


> 


Lieutenant Bedwetter, token African-Venusia 
reporting! Growing up as a rocket kid, I've 
visited more dead, lifeless locations than the 

last Alanis Morrisette tour! But I've also | 
been to the twin moons of Urbangg and have 
seen the breathtaking Rainbow Valley of Vistar! pag 
| have seen the sun rise at Llap-Goch-5 and the 
cascading Methanez Waterfalls! Sadly, none of 
our viewers will ever see any of these places! 
Why? 'Cause this is a cheap-ass UPN show! 


onmes ۶۶۰ MNES Sti 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 


I'm Commander Drip Tuckus, Chief Engineer! 
And l'm ari example of the exciting, 
original direction this series will take! 
Even though I've got Bones McCoy's basic 
personality, they put me in Scotty's job! 
Talk about completely fresh! Though I'm a 
theoretical sclence whiz, | have no practical 
experience with alien cultures! But after a 
few months in this cramped metal ship. 
I'm sure we'll all be crawling with thern! 


As you can tell from my 
double-stuffed crust head, | am 
Dr. Phlop! And I'm delighted 
to be aboard! Humans are 
among rny Top 10 favorite warrn- 
blooded hominid bipeds! 

I'd love to observe a few human 
specimens inside tiny little 
boxes sometime! | got that 
idea from reading Dilbert! 


I'm Gooshy Tomato, the Janeane Garofalo 
of the 22nd century! I've mastered over 
17,000 intergalactic languages, and can 

fake my way through 100.000 more! | can 

understand anything that any species has 
to say to us...with the possible exception of 
Busta Rhymes! Frum the very first episode, 
riding on the Endless-prize made me a bit 
queasy in the stomach! So basically. 
I'm just like the viewers at home! 


Pip! Pip! Lt. Malcontent Reek reporting! 
My style is by-the-book, all spit and 
polish! Of course, in my case, the spit 
is generated by a protein resequencer! 
Even though I’m a genius with 
machinery. I'm very nervous around the 
opposite sex! It's probably a genetic 
thing! My great-great-great-great- 
great-great-great-grandfather was 
the inventor of AOL! 


in Star Trek history! Not counting 
the 1st, 3rd and Sth movies, 
that is! I've been on every 
episode, and so far, it turns 
out that | like to eat cheese! 
Which means my 
character arc is already 
more developed 
than 9096 of the crew's! 


Oj 0۰99۰ 0 


‘Sune 
GC 
TEES 


Peace Talks! 
We will be 


many of the 


Crew, our mission Eliminating everything Your words And may I remind you Careful. 
is the Interspacial How 5 implausible would be are emotional. that you Vulcans have T Baa! 
implausible! disastrous! For instance, Captain! May | | | been pushing us humans | | Your Vulcan 
Wouldn't the Endless-prize would have remind you that | around for years? pride cornes 
transporting they each shields that stayed up when giving way Lo dangerously 
travel somebody shot at us! We'd | feelings can only Perhaps that's because close to 
diplomats to on their actually be shielded! Where interfere with our [7] we are far better suited showing 
primary mission? emotion! 


the conference! own ships? would Star Trek be then? 


Your dog is 


to make the decisions! 


ES 


^ d 
ay fae 7 


Zzzzzz! Wake me when this is over! This tired 

squabbling schtick is the exact sarme routine 

that Star Trek has done with every freakin’ cast! 
1 5 @ 71 IE 


Would you 1 almost Dr. Phlop. the Heavens. no! Them? It's 
right, Captain! Damn your prefer the forgot! diplomats will It's a simple case just one! 
Vulcan writers create 8 Could you do be boarding of Humtupian It's a huge 


| calculate we 
will have this 
identical fake 
argument 184. 


seven years! 


And damn $ famous “funny” @ thing where you on deck! 
5 our lazy episodes for us you take Will you be How do you 
times in the next script- to do instead? A slang long with 6 plan to get 
literally? your patient? 图 rid of them? 


I'm new to 
these space 
missions! 
Shape- 
shifters 
always 
X make me 


accuracy! one of their that clever soon! | need head lice! mother! 


writers! 


What makes 
you think they 


1 found a pair 


So what? Did you see 
of eyeglasses, 


Shatner and the rest of 


those old coots by their Captain! They don't belong 
last movie? Talk about must belong to one of our 
shapeshifting! It was like to one of 


a Swiss avalanchel The only 
one with saggier boobs 
than Uhura was Spock! 


Ed QD 
الك‎ 1 < 
102570 Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. & 


SSE 


The whole ship just shook! 
We're under attack! Lt. Reek, 
t regulate the positron flow in 
j the dilithium matrix! Engineering, 
release retractable hull turrents! 
Prepare shuttlepods! Ready the 
ship for a surge cascade 
in the warp factor manifold! 


tulations, 
Captain! It 
T4] just took you 
] 45 seconds 
to say 


—— 


I'm picking upa p 
d signal. Captain! | hear $ 
angry shouting... 
fingerpointing... 
1 detect no logic 
whatsoever! 


Surrender your ship! 

| will board your vessel 

and slit all your bellies 
open! Your final 

moments shall be spent 
watching my men 

scoop the hot entrails 

from your stomachs! 


A Klinkon 
compromise! 
Answer quickly, 
an offer this 
good won't last! 


"Step on Iti” 


yI 
1 
Ju 


something $ 
called 
The 

O'Reilly 

Factor! 


That's my job! 


Starch- 
shirt to 
Engi- 
neering! 
What's 
going 
on back 
there? 


If you take out 
the meaning- 
less techno- 
babble, we're 
really doing 
11-minute-long 
stories herel 


Four of you will go onto 
the ship! Considering that 
"slicing your bellies open" 
comment. I'll stay here as... 

uhhh...backup! Wear full 

dress uniform! And take 


these four different phasers f 


and universal translators! 


Hold on, I'm getting 
another signal! It is 
the Klinkons! I'm certain 
of it! Their crinkly fore- 
heads, stringy hair and 
thick, leathery skin are 
unique in the universe! 


The same thing that happens 
every stupid week! The 
lights go out! We probably 
save $40,000 a season just 
on "dark scenes" alonel 
A motel mini-refrigerator 
has more reliable lighting 
than this show! 


Obviously 
you missed 
Clint Eastwood 

and Tommy 
Lee Jones 

in Space 
Cowboys! 


] Oh, none! But now that 
Cl we've shown all these 
| ۱ uniform styles and gizmos 
on camera, Paramount 
can make a bundle 
marketing “updated” 
Trek crap to all the 
geekazoids out there! 


Captain Captain. Worse 
Starchshirt. Oh yeah? Put it | object! than that, 
1 have this way...either he's being 
immunity! you fly there She's right! | | 
| protest being willingly or I'll You're incorrect! 
forced to open up a hatch | | being quite | don't 
board a hostile and kick your politically even have 
Klinkon ship! ass over there! Incorrect! 


Sir. Finally! Now that the Endless-prize Mi 
everyone is free of those squishy types, | e 
we shuttled WW can actually eat a plate of Jell-O 
0۷۵۲ is WW without worrying that it might 
dead! be a high-ranking diplomat! 


Record! Stardate 090166! My firs t decision 
resulted in the violent deaths of 26 diplomats 
and crew! On the bright side, the Klinkons 
decided to let the rest of us live! That's because 
their arms were tired from all the slashing and 
hacking! Perhaps | shouldn't have done all 
of my training on an Xbox flight simulator! 


Whatever you do, don’ t 
throw up! IUIl hover in zero 
gravity and you'll be looking at 
your own floating puke for 
the next 35 million miles! 


Look at all | 
that carnage! j 
| think I'm 

going to 
be sickl 


The ship's gone dark You're in my wm now, you bloody little ETT — | was doing some 
again! Dammit! | knew toe-rag! What? And | want Stratus- | ` catchphrases to 
we never should ve faction! What? Oh, it's true, it's damn | 1 ass, Captain! It's just promote Thursday's 
hooked the engines true! The Endless-prize's lights had f the deep crease down WWF Smackdown! 
up to Windows 2295! better never...eeeevvwer...malfunction || the middle of my Some of that 
a-gain! What? Or l'Il take this dilithium |$] forehead! Anyhow. | UPN syneray! 
crystal, shine it up, turn it sideways, | ١| | didn't understand a | Gotta keep the 
and stick it straight up your candy ass! word ou just said! 1 suits happy! 


| need to establish 
visibility levels! T’Bag, 
sland on that catwalk 
and let us shine 


Your request is illogical! 
Your strange suggestion 
will not bring the 


Nielsen ratings up! As millions 


No, but it'll sure bring our 


of horny little Trekkies know, 
your ears are only the second 
pointiest part of your body! 


And I'd love 
to do a Vulcan 
lap meld 
with you 
sometime! 


lighting system back up! 


flashlights at you! 
aa = 


= e 


Veah? Listen up, Bakula! 


Well, But who That's right, I'm back! Say good- It's a shame 
Captain, could've My mysterious Superlame bye to your human skin is You're starring in a 

| think devised a masters have ordered me to kidneys, Jon! such a weak derivative 5th Xerox 

| have brilliant plan sneak onto the ship to punch, defense against borefest! You're about 
discover- like this? harass and shoot you, but for Feh! laser blasts! as well-regarded in the 
ed what I've got itl some reason never quite kill Is that sci fi world as the guy 

is the That fiend, you! They call it "Operation the best | can take any- who designed the Tribble! 
problem! Saltlick! you've got? thing you dish! 


s ۲ You're forgetting one very = Saltlick. 
: ` | think 


important pointl Since our 
show takes place in the 22nd this 
century. before the other serles, Is the 
we corne first! So we're the beginning 
originals! Voyager. Next ofa 
Generation and the rest are beautiful 
technically ripping us off! friendship! 


You should thank me for showing up! | mean, an episode 
about shuttling V.I.Ps through space...what Trek show didn't 
do that plot? Same thing with your "distant outpost gonc 
horribly wrong" episode, your "visiting a planet that's just like 


5ERCE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


A | QU d » 
É UI Lë OR - 
Lë 7 1 
ter AZ ۱ 
d J 7 
4 »* 7 
n ZIN 
4 Mz A = d 
YA - tue BEY 
ip 3 = G 2 


ications, Inc. _ 


ri 7 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. m 


N ¥ zj 
Hh xi 
éi 5 
SS — VM EN 
rz DC MEE EE ET. MA LE ieu. E دب‎ d E 


RBD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


OZZJEST DEPT.‏ و 


MTY’s reality series The Osbournes has become a runaway surprise hit and, as what happens with all hit TV shows, it's only a 
matter of time before corporate weasels try to “brand” it and milk every last buck possible from it. How? Mainly by licensing 
the Osbourne name to any manufacturer with a dumb idea and (more importantly) cash in hand! Get ready to hold your nose 
(and your wallet)! Here's... 


MERCHANDISE 
WE’LL BE SEEING SOON 


SHRIEKING ` Ze 
mE OSBOURNE «omo one ae 
CAR ALARM HE = 


Felons beware! The Shrieking Sharon Osbourne 
Car Alarm is like having an annoyingly shrill, middle- 
aged Cockney woman screaming at you and yelling 


in case the sound makes you want to drive them 
into your ears, and two Excedrin tablets. 


Now criminals will never go near your car, and 
quite possibly, neither will you! 


PHOTOGRAPHER: IRVING SCHILD WRITER; ARIE KAPLAN 


PRirICE ) DARKIIESS 
ubble Mix 


Sharon Osbourne's made yet another pact with 
those Lucifers in Licensing, and she's going to pass 
the satanic savings on to you! After Ozzy balked at 


the wildly inappropriate and ill-conceived bubble-blowing ai i Kincs e$ 
finale she'd planned for his Christmas concert, she was left oss: m 


with gallons and gallons of bubble mix, bubble mix that's 
been IN THE SAME ROOM AS OZZY OSBOURNE 
HIMSELF! Now she's looking to sell it, and lucky you! You 
get to buy it! Try this stuff and even the most hardcore 
heavy metal maniac will go from "Bloodbath in Paradise" 
to "Bubble Bath in Paradise" in no time! 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Osbournes Family Mansion Playset 


Help your Kelly doll 
find her father's 
American Express 
Gold card she lost! 


Put the incontinent Pomeranians, 
Chihuahuas, Japanese Chins and 
Bulldog all in one room or one in $ 
every room! We include them all! 


Let your hobbling Ozzy figure catch 
the runaway cat...something the 
real 022۷ couldn't do! 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Modeled painstakingly after the Osbournes’ real Beverly Hills digs, this 
miniature mansion was handcrafted by miniature people — Ozzy's very 
own Ozzfest midgets! — with an eye for accuracy and detail, so it's a 
perfect scale model of the real thing! Comes complete with Sad 
Doddering Ozzy doll, Bad Role Model Sharon doll, Dangerous Psycho 
Jack doll, and Bitchy Powder-Keg Kelly doll, as well as 645 toy dogs in 
realistic squatting positions. Jack's Idiot Friends dolls sold separately. 


Incredibly lifelike 
(meaning he looks 
dead) figure of 
Jack's slacker 
friend Jason Dill 
passed out naked 
on Jack's bed! 


The Sharon doll's in 
the bathroom with a 
whiskey bottle — 
looks like she's going 
to punish son Jack 
with a capital "Pee"! 


Every detail has been 
painstakingly reproduced 
by Third-World artisans! 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Lager bh: e Zem 
JASONIDILL O-r0k rcs 


He doesn t have ver 
poseable joints! ET 


JASON DILL 


INACTION FIGURE 


Based on Jack Osbourne’s highly 
unloved slacker pal, this plastic 
figure comes with a Help Wanted 
section he'll never use, dishes he'll 
never clean, and a ratty, tangled 
white afro he'll never comb! 
(Comb not included, obviously.) 


دی 


Now you too can feel 
like a rock star family! 
This is real food 
thrown by the 
Osbournes at their 
obnoxious neighbors! 
Also, use it to start 
food fights, as a door 
stop or alternative 
hockey puck. Sure, it's 
five times the price of real 
supermarket food, but hey, 
this stuff was handled by 
celebrities! 


He doesn't have 
۴ Lu ori 
kung-fu grip! 


He doesn't come with 

aveice-chip that ۰ 

says 5 cool phrases? 

== In fact, he doesn't 
| ko the 


er 


OSBOURNE’S 
OWN 
GRAVY 


Paul Newman may have his 
Newman's Own recipes, but he 
doesn't hold a scented candle 
to the beastmaster bon 
vivant himself, Ozzy 
Osbourne! Of course, 
Ozzy's taste buds haven't 
worked since 1979, 

during a much-publicized 
tryst with two Swedish 
stewardesses, a paint 

roller, and a bucket of 
turpentine. But we hear 

it’s real tasty anyway. 
Contains chunks of 

things that Ozzy swears 
were dead to begin with! 


Sa SUR Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


s 
S 
< 
z 
r 
8 
5 
o 
È 
v 
3 
3 
z 
D 
v 
3 
D 
a 


Voices me Head 


TALKING OZZY COOKIE JAR 


| pla Ka 
ork and al a 
neat work and all play. 

‘and no work make‏ من 


p” 
«The f***ing cat had herpes: 


“Pm not one of these wimpy 
f***ing guys who goes, ‘Oh, doctor, 
l've got a pain in my big toe, 
please don't ۲ 


^He's smoking the evil bong!” 


" 
n li "That cat's gonna f***ing die, man!" 


“| need a nake 
d la 
lying on me for AK. the 
Next three weeks!” 


"SHAROnhnnnm 


Ozzy used to be known for tossing his 
cookies; now you can eat his cookies! Every 
time you take the lid off Ozzy's head, it 
activates a voice-chip that spews out 666 
incoherent, spastic phrases! 


DIAGNOSIS MURDERED DEPT. 


Modern medicine Is constantly finding new diagnos- 
tic tools to probe, invade and violate the human 
body. MRIs, CAT scans, eigmoidoecopes, the list of 
unpleasant indignities is endless. Recently, they 


Decaying back 


even developed a tiny camera you swallow that gives of molar 

a stem to stern tour of your entire inner plumbing Shredded vocal you haven't : 

better than anything you'll aver see on the Travel chard fram bad Axi brushed in Time-release cold 
Channel! Why all the interest? Do we really want to Rose impression 12 years! capsule that never 


see every nook and cranny in our temple of flesh? 
What. do these quacks think they're going to find in 
there? We here at MAD say to hell with all these 
invasive procedures! We know exactly what's in most 
people's bodies — and it ain't pretty! Strap on a 
lead apron as... 


fully time-released 


you do whenever 
for some reason! 


you get four or five 
beers in you! 


Roach you swallowed 
the time you were so 
high that you thought 
the FedEx man was 
the cops! 


ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE 


WRITER: MIKE SNIDER 


Accumulation of 
sludge they claim 
is butter from all 
the movie theater 
popcorn you've 
ever eaten! 


Zeg ان‎ aa 
Watermelon seeds 
you purposelu ale 
just to prove your 

mom was full 
nf 645۱۱ when 
she said they'd 
grow into a 
whole wetermelon 
inside you! 


T d Lg 
» d Wy y 
Publications, Inc. ` 


Ki wo 
س‎ AMAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. 


Love note you 
swallowed In 3rd 
Grade when the 
teacher caught you 
passing it to the cute 
girl in the next raw! 


Tiny rubber 
band you 
swallawed 
while making 
out with a 
girl who 
had braces! 


fafa 


۲ کا‎ 
Permanent burn hole 
in intestinal lining left 


Assorted Band-Aids, 
scabs and 
God-knows-what-else 
that accidentally 
came off the 
hands of fast-food 
cooks and fell into 
your order! 


Penny you E 
swallowed at age E 
four and never | 
passed, that 
may be a rare 
collectible worth 
big bucks now! 


Singed colon cells 
4 as a result of fart- 
lighting mishap 
during fraternity 
pledge week 
in college! 


by Jalaperio pepper 
you once ale on 
a dare! 


Trapped pocket of 
explosive toxic gases from 


Jum] Taco Bell Burito Supreme! 


0NSUMER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONS 


IMPORTANT 


PRODUCT RECALL NOTICE 
FROM HEAVENLY SLUMBER, INC. 


Heavenly Slumber, Inc. is recalling coffins, caskets, funerary boxes and sarcophagi marketed under the brand names Prestige, Excelsior, 
Commodore, Regale, Sophisticate, Velvet Underground and Eternal Napster. Funeral homes throughout the United States purchased the 
wood or metal burial receptacles from us for $175.00 wholesale and sold them to the public for $3,000-5,000 each. But that's not the problem. 


An undetermined number of our coffins bearing one of the above model names and with serial numbers ending in RIPQ2X* have been 
inislabeled and are actually our Professional “Abracadabra” Showbiz models, which we manufacture exclusively for the stage. Some of 
these coffins are "trick" models designed to be sawed in half by professional magicians. 


As a result, Heavenly Slumber has received reports that at funeral services, these coffins may suddenly split in two, dumping the dearly 
departed on the ground or into an open grave. Heavenly Slumber lias also received reports of half the coffin staying inside when being slid 
out of a hearse, leaving half of the deceased hanging out. The sight of their loved ones' crumpled, contorted bodies may be disconcerting 
to the bereaved. 


WARNING: IF YOU HAVE RECENTLY PURCHASED ONE OF THE ABOVE NAMED HEAVENLY 
SLUMBER PRODUCTS, DO NOT USE IT FOR WAKES, FUNERALS OR OTHER INTERMENT 
NEEDS, IF THE CASKET ۱5 ALREADY IN THE GROUND, YOU MAY PREFER TO TAKE NO 
ACTION, IF YOU ARE CURRENTLY USING ONE OF THE ABOVE NAMED HEAVENLY SLUMBER 
PRODUCTS AT A WAKE OR IN A MEMORIAL SERVICE, IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IS REQUIRED, 
PALLBEARERS SHOULD BE WARNED TO EXERCISE EXTREME CAUTION WHEN HANDLING THE 
COFFIN AND AT NO POINT SHOULD THEY EVER TAP IT THREE TIMES WITH A MAGICIAN’S WAND, 


Other models of Heavenly Slumber Coffins named above, those with serial 
numbers ending in DOA-99* have a false bottom with a cavity underneath, 
large enough to conceal a small to average-sized magician’s assistant. 


As à result, it is possible for the beloved corpse to be there one minute 
and gone the next. This could be disconcerting to the bereaved at an “open 
casket” service. 


WARNING; IN THE EVENT A CADAVER DOES SUDDENLY DISAPPEAR, DIVERT ATTENTION 
BY IMMEDIATELY EXCLAIMING THAT IT’S A SIGN OF A “MIRACLE.” FALL TO YOUR 
KNEES AND, WHILE TREMBLING, PRAISE YOUR LORD THAT THE DEARLY DEPARTED HAS 
“GONE TO HEAVEN.” SHOULD THE DECEASED SUDDENLY REAPPEAR IN THE COFFIN 
ASTRIDE A WHITE SIBERIAN TIGER, YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN, IMPROVISE. 


We're here to help: Heavenly Slumber, Inc. regrets any inconvenience. 
Consumers should stop using the recalled caskets immediately and call 
us toll free at 1-800-BYE-BYE. We will send you an insulated envelope 
large enough to return the coffin to us, at which time we will replace it 
free of charge. Replacement time will be 6-8 weeks. While waiting for the 
replacement death canister, we have made arrangements with Kroger, 
Acme and Piggly-Wiggly supermarkets across the country to hang your 
loved one’s embalmed remains in one of their refrigerated meat lockers 
until you receive your replacement burial vault. Consumers using this 
option will receive a tag reading “Do Not Sell” to attach to the carcass at 
no additional charge. Thank you. 


“the serial number can be found on page 2 of the casket owner’s manual 
ARTIST: GARY HALLGREN WRITER: DICK DEBARTOLO 


LAID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications Ine. MER ALERT CONSUMER ALERT CONS 


CUT LOOSE. 


D CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK I$ FILMIN'? DEPT. 


Take an old-fashioned sword and sorcery film from the 
1950's, add a muscle-bound wrestler, add a camel, add cleav- 
age, shoot the thing in Arizona but pretend it's Arabia, 
throw in a heavy metal soundtrack, add more cleavage... 
and you've got box office gold! Yes! That's the sound of cash 
registers ringing at Universal Studios) And that sound is... 


| am MatThighs! Spider-Man and You are a Why is 
We have two weeks other summer sorceress | see bad news that bad? 
to save the world ™ blockbusters open! who can in my future! 
and destroy GJ In two weeks no foretell After this film, They'll be 
the evil warlords! ۱ eee) the future! movie audiences saying I'm 
What do will be talking just another 


we do herel about me! pretty belly! 


em, ] 27ص‎ 


deel, 
Okay, this is not exactly 
In The Bedroom, but it's a 


The Rock Critics say he has 
is the the acting chops 


new of Ah-nuld! 
action 5 XI 
hero in Like in Conan 
Hollywood! the Barbarian? 


gig! Aw, who arri ۱ kidding! 
This is a pathetic sword 

and sandal flick! | give this 

film one and a half humps! 


| am Memnuts, a diabolical My child, this 
warlord bent on world film covers 
conquest! | am one evil dude! a strange period 
| kill at the drop of a turban! in world history! 
I will annihilate Assyria! ۱ will 
disembowel Mesopotamia! 
| will slice Turkey! 


Is that 
ü 
weapon 
you 
have ۲ 
there? 


It is 3,000 years before 
the Pyramids and the 
Pharaohs...But we 
seem to be at the 
dawn of Mohawk 
haircuts! Check out 
the 'do on Memnuts! 


ARTIST, HERMANN MEJIA 


II am Baldhazard, 


a great Nubian 
warrior! 
| am badder 


31 than Babylonia! 


| am bigger 
than Syrial 


his is sad! Chaos, 
havoc, violence, 
murder, mayhem! 
This is the Middle 
East five thousand 
years ago! 


WRITER: ARNIE KOGEN 


Here's a wild 
guess... 
Michael Clarke 
Duncan won't 
get an Oscar 
nomination 
for this onel 


Here's what! 


Not unless 
there's a 
category 
for "Darth 
Vader 
Sound- 
Alike"l 


5 


sad! Things 


haven't 
changed 


much in five 


thousand year 


s! 


We are the scattered Thank youl With Itis a But the Perfect! 
tribes! Akkadian, this money | shall mistake You have doubts, acting skill He'll blend 

we will give you 20 kill the warlord = to send huge Nubian? of Hulk right in 

blood rubies to kill the and hopefully, ١ shall him out They say he has the Hoganl with the 
sorcerer of Mernnuts! everitually buy a shirt! there! strength of Hercules! rest of us! 


You? | didn't Neither The And that new weapon! He must have picked 
expect to see did 1! Wow! Akkadian He is skilled at Breaking a folding chair that move up in 
such outstanding Look at battles blades and over an opponent's head! some SummerSlam 

breasts! you! welll arrows and axes! in a faraway landi 


Did | tell you about the time 1 am called Armpit! | am If that camel Death by fire 5,000 years from 
| parked my camel? | was a horse thicf and also joke is your ants! This Î now they will have 
having coffee in the market- ۱ the comedy relief! ۱ will best material, could only this type of torture 
place and the guy asked, be your goofy sidekick! | prefer the happen in | again! It will be called 
۰ fire ants! 3000 BC) Fear Factorl 


What are we doing here? Have you : — " This guy's His That's not 
noticed is the It is called es, f amazing! He stomach Memnuts' 


We are here to avenge rny 10-year- Gomorrah! is stopping an must be stomach! 
brother's death and pick old movie i Right next 9 arrow With made of That's his 
up some more "colorful | thieves 7 to Sodom! || his stomach! steel! 

characters," like tliis are ۱ 7 
adorable street urchin always 

who is picking my pocket! adorable? 


> ~~ 


What a He's the Ifthis | | am Phido, 一 Hang in, 
Savage! Ultimate keeps up. | McMahon the quirky | could use brother! I'll 
This quy's Warrior! there will paid the MAD old inventor help! | have a be inventing 
got a be a New writer a bundle and court thousand turbans gun powder 
= Flair for - World for product scientist! on my taill in 12 panels! 
] fighting! | | I Order! placement! ۳ 


There are Tell that to the 
no glitches! in deep Here's my philosophy! film's producers! This 
It's perfect! ca-ca, Live free, die well! d rolling disc scene was 
5 B Mat- And incidentally, Armpit, taken directly from 
Thighs! it doesn't pay to steal! Indiana Jones! 


I've invented 
i this gizmo...| | 
| | call it a catapult! 
i It has some | 

] glitches! It's not 
| perfected yet! 


dodder- 
ing fool! 


What 
have you 


d 43 j 
d, wi 
um »^7.— Zl 
لا تس‎ 
` 
0 b 
D Ee 
- سرت مغ‎ 
Copyright © 2006 by EC Publications, Inc. s2 ی پا و‎ CANNONA 


I'm the 
Akkadian 
assassin 
hired to 
kill you! 


Well, why 
don't you? 


Take cover! 
It's one of 
the things 

we fear most 
in the year 


If I did, this 
would be a 
love story 
about me and 
the camel! 
Which. in 
many ways. 


computer- 
generated 


destined to 
meet, Nubian! 

At this time 
and this place! 


Really? 
Fore- What 
castinq is 
is my your 
second greatest 
greatest skill? f 


Can 
you 
really 
foresee 
into 
the 


Where 
are we 
going? 


What is 
that? 


The burial 
ground 
for film 

scripts like 

this one! 


The 
"Valley 
Of the 
Dead"! 


It's venom- 
tipped but it's 
just a nick! 


Is that an arrow 
sticking out of 
your thigh or are 
weatherl It's you just happy | shall recover 
too unpre- to see me? || miraculously! 
dictablel F à "TE "— md عر‎ 


| foresee 
battles! 
| don't do 


You're a 
sorceress! 
Didn't 
you 
see this 
coming? 


" Letté ES 
يي‎ Nol Because there 
Because We hasn't been a 
were bitter | | sword fight in, what, 


enemies, fifteen minutes? 
Akkadian? 


m E 
2 一 


١ don't 
care! Just 
remember — 
no hair 
pulling! 


Do you want to use 
long blades, short 
blades, forearm 
shoves or fists? 


Patience! 


| think 


You we 
can 
safely 
rule 

|| ۶ 

| acting! | 


Will 
soon 
see, 
Mat 
Thighs! 


It helps 
when you 
have a thigh 
the size of 
the Sudan! 


ser Kam a em 


But those were 
mechanical CGI 
characters with no 
soul or life to them! 


Wow! 

It's the 
Battle of 

the Bulge 
in ancient 


Hollywood hasn't 
seen anything like 
this since T-Rex 
fought those raptors 
in Jurassic Park! 


We were bitter yı 
enemles, 
Baldhazard, 
but now we 
are brothers 
in battle! 


flve hundred! 
| will take the 
other five f 
hundred! | 


brother! There 
are 1,000 of | 
them! Two of us! 
What is our plan? خا‎ 


We have defeated the enemy! 
We can scttle down and takc 
our rightful place as the Hunk 
of the Ancient World... 
and his Babe! All is well! 


Not really! | have 2 
vision of the future 
and it’s not good! 
| foretell doom! 


Note 
LN 


| And we will 
| defeat 


| sense a change 
in you, sorcer 
ess! | shall set 

up a "cobra in à 
basket" test to 
see if you are 
still a virgin! 


No way! 
Fortunately, the 
loony old guy will 
invent gunpowder 
in this scene and 
save our butts! 


¬ Because 
This is outrageous, it will be 
my lord! | predict uncivilized 
5,000 years from |) and 
now there will 
be no such test 
for women! 


You've won! 
Hopefully, 
never again 
will we see 
his kind! 


The Scorpion Ka-Ching 2! 


Because 
in the 
year 2000 
there will 
be no such 
thing as 
a virgin! 


A stock 
movie villain 
wilh a sinis- 

ter British 
accent! 


| “Dad says its 
natural to 


We're talking about the energy ۱۸۵۲ fe 
| udo cu ی‎ dE WM VW 
| bottom of great-tastin f BANE THE 6001 - KOVR BY BET | 
| E E r&r anal 
| Dutch chocolate. It's packed with 

Siberian ginseng, calcium, protein and 
vitamins for that extra kick that helps 
you get through just about anything. 
(Sicko.) 


M Bn 


Ü 


NOTHER ١ RIDICUL LOUS 


ims of others' self-serving and 


nug pum, TTI اا‎ und Lini naci 1 Git: 
UNTLESS LIVES EEE 

HA | actions. it has made everyone feel paranoid and vulnerable around people 

ne 1 able to trust. Une scandal in particular ruined many 


t what this widespread tragedy is, fold page in as shown. 


ia ۷ e 
3 ENT 
UR RETIREM // 
Vor KA A لام‎ 7 ۰ 
Wil 


bo? THE DOUGH 


| GOT THE SHAFT! 


" MANY WERE p UY ATTENTION d TE 
L MAN i WE RE PAY AN | Al TENTI 10 N, . AD le LU i IE 


OF | IND JIVIDUAL: S 


D IN VICTIMS WILL MAKE THEM SUFFER re ON 6 TIME 


A. ARTIST AND WRITER: AL JAFFEE ES 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by EC Publications, Inc. 


JANG ۷ 2002 ANÍRICAS DAIRY FARMERS AND MILK PROCESSORS 


d 


9 essential nutrients 


in every easy-to-oper 


bottle. 


