ERNIE KOVACS AL “JAZZBO" COLLINS ORSON BEAN 


explains explains explains 


POETRY ND Copyright © 2006 by EC. Publications, Inc. ORSON BEAN 


From Furdsville, Arkansas, Comes Further Proof Of 


THE MAD WINDOW TEST 


From sunny Furdsville, Arkansas, in the heart of 
the boll weevil country, comes new convincing 
proof of the MAD window test. Last week, Melvin 
Cowznofski rushed his newly-arrived subscription 
copy of MAD to the open window. Actually, he 
was planning on throwing it out in disgust. There, 


under critical daylight, Melvin suddenly discovered 
new whiteness . . . new brightness never before 
possible with plain old newsstand copies of MAD 
which are smudged and smeared by the grimy 
fingers of no-good cheapskate bums who thumb 
through magazines and then don't buy them. 


Make Your Own Window Test! Subscribe to MAD Today! 


Mail Coupon (or duplicate) to:“ 
MAD Subscriptions I 
225 Lafayette Street 

New York City 12, N, Y. 


| wont to subscribe to MAD and make 
my own window tes! so | can discover 
new whiteness and new brightness be- 
fore | throw each copy out in disgust 
| enclose $2.00 for the next nine white 
bright un-thumbed subscription issues. * 


CITY ZONE — STATE 


AGE__SCHOOL OR OCCUPATION 


Solve your Christmas Gift problem. Give a subscription to MAD. Then, next Christmas, you won't have a gift problem because 


the person you gave it to this year won't be talking to you. If this is a Christmas gift subscription, and you want 
a gift card sent advising the receiver you're sending it, include your own name and address and check here 


— 


Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


NUMBER 31 


FEBRUARY 1957 


Quer vvv Www v v v^ wv ww v vw Vw VV vv vew wy wv Vi vvv uw ww vw VV V Vv VV VV 


Quei ww vv Viv vov w vv . vw wv wv ] 1 ⁵— vuv ve V VVV Ve error 


Mad, a short-lived satirical pulp TIME Magazine, Sept. 24, 1956 


PUBLISHER: William M. Gaines EDITOR: Albert B. Feldstein 
PRODUCTION: John Putnam CONTINUITY: Jerry De Fuccio IDEAS: Nick Megliola 
CONTRIBUTING ARTISTS: Jack Davis Wallace Wood Norman Mingo 
Bob Clarke Don Martin Phil Interlandi Frank Kelly Freas 

ADVERTISING: Perer Bovis SUBSCRIPTIONS: Gloria Orlando 
LAW SUITS: Martin Scheiman, Esq. 


DEPARTMENTS 

AL "JAZZBO" COLLINS DEPARTMENT 

"What's all this jazz about Jazz? ). 22 
CALL OF THE WILD MAGAZINE DEPARTMENT 

Field eid Satam es r Seren ome 6 
CULTURE DEPARTMENT 

"Don Giovanni", Comic Oper dꝛd̃dꝛꝓpjœ) 32 
EAR-TO-THE-ETHER DEPARTMENT 

What they're saying around the Solar System 20 
ERNIE KOVACS DEPARTMENT 

Why Percy Dovetonsils writes Poetry «een 15 
HOLLYWOOD DEPARTMENT 

More "Scenes We'd Like to Sees ))0 ...... 11 
INCREASE THE CIRCULATION DEPARTMENT 

The New“ Marylin Maronen. 2 
LETTERS DEPARTMENT 

Random samplings of Reader Mail 4 
MISDIRECTED QUOTES DEPARTMENT 

Purloined Proverbs ascribed to Popular People. ..... = 
NEGATIVE THINKING DEPARTMENT 

Why the 35mm Camera replaced the Box Camera. 38 
NEWSPAPERS DEPARTMENT 

How the World of the Press would treat an ‘Item’. .... 12 
ORSON BEAN DEPARTMENT 

Orson Bean opens his Family Album 41 
PICK-A-CARD DEPARTMENT 

A Selection of MAD Greeting Cards. 18, 48 
PSYCHOLOGY DEPARTMENT 

Take the "MAD Ink Blot Test. )0 I. 30 
SOFT-SELL ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT 

Story Boards of Future T.V. Adſs 28, 36 


Various obscure places around the magazine. 


Hey, Gang! You're in for plenty Unfortunately, expensive talent costs 


Basil Wolvertan 


SUITS PRESSED: Max's Dry Cleaners 


thrills once you get situated on the 
curbstone with this issue of MAD, es- 
pecially if it’s a windy day and there 
are girls around. This issue we got a 
bunch of expensive talent to fill our 
pages, mainly because we couldn't 
think of anything funny ourselves. 
Expensive talent like Ernie Kovacs, 
Al "Jazzbo" Collins, and Orson Bean 


money! So this issue we also got à 
bunch of "real ads". Please, Gang. 
do us a favor. read the "real ads", 
and do like they say. That way, we'll 
make à good showing. And if we 
do, we'll be able to improve our “real 
advertising”, we'll be able to improve 
MAD, and mainly we'll be able to im- 
prove our own standard of living.—ALF 


MAD -January-February 1957, Volume 1, No, 31, is published bi-monthly by E.C. Publications, 
inc., at 225 Lafayette Street, New York 12, N. Y, Entered as second-class matter at the Post 
Office at New York, N. Y, Subscriptions, 9 issues for $2.00 in the U.S. Elsewhere $2.50. Entire 
contents copyrighted 1956 by E.C. Publications, Inc. The publisher and editors will not be 
responsible for unsolicited manuscripts and request all manuscripts be accompanied by a 
stamped, self-addressed return envelope, The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and 
semi fiction articles are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a 
coincidence. Printed in United States of America 


VET EVE VEEN VUE iY VIVO EHPAPHEVE VERE EVER ERN V VASE VV RETE PRAET EKER ETERS) 


vvv vv VV ee reer TP VOPOO ROTO TCH) 


VITAL FEATURES 


THE NEW MARYLIN MARONE...... 2 


MAD takes a beady-eyed 
look at "The New Marylin 
Marone”, compares her to 
"old" Marylin Marone, 
notes amazing differences, 


FIELD AND SCREAM.............. 6 


While Junior catches it for 
reading comic books which 
teach how murder is wrong, 
it's okay for Pop to read 
stuff which encourages it. 


ERNIE KOVACS, ON POETRY....... 15 


Percy Dovetonsils, esthetic 
friend of Ernie Kovacs, de- 
scribes the art of poetry- 
writing, then destroys il- 
lusion with sample poem. 


GREETING CARDS............ 18, 48 


MAD takes a look at this 
inventive industry, decides 
that it's going from bad to 
verse, and then outdoes it 
with a selection of our own, 


"JAZZBO" COLLINS, ON JAZZ..... 22 ~ 


Al “Jazzbo” Collins shoots 
from the ‘hip’ in this en- 
lightening article on the 
subject of Jazz, and rounds 
out your ‘square’ editors. 


MAD'S INK BLOT TIEF. 30 


A “do-it-yourself” psycho- 
logical test where you find 
out what your subconscious 
mind has been hiding, but 
what your friends all know. 


THE 35mm VS. THE BOX CAMERA. .38 


A discerning article on ad- 
vantages 35mm camera 
affords over box camera, 
as far as extra equipment 
makers are concerned. 


ORSON BEAN'S FAMILY ALBUM... 4 


Pi a Orson Bean graces MAD 
with pages from his family 
album depicting his illus- 
trious ancestors, gambles 
an chance of joining them. 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


l 
Í 


E) 

(^| 
um] 
2 


is 
= kO 
SE n, 


THE OLD MARYLIN left Hollywood in disgust after repeatedly being type- THE NEW MARYLIN went to N. Y., studied at The Actors’ Studio, returned to 
cast, like f'rinstance in "There's No Business Like Show Business” (above) Hollywood, and won coveted roles, like f'rinstance in "Bus Stop“ (above) 
she played part of shapely dumb blonde who sings and does reol sexy dance. she played part of shapely dumb blonde who sings and does real sexy dance. 


THE NEW MARYLIN’S FUTURE (BELOW) HAS BEEN ASSURED 


STARS WITH SIR LAUWRENCE OLIVIER 


WINS LONGED-FOR DOSTOEVSKI ROLE 


A 


be 
t NX . 


FABULOUS ACTING ABILITY will be apparent when Marylin co-stars with Sir MOVIEGOERS WILL DE DUMBFOUNDED when the New Marylin is given part in 


Lauwrence Olivier in "The Slipping Prince". Fabulous acting ability will be "The Brothers Karamazov"'.. . will be even more amazed by her performance 
demonstrated, as Marylin emotes, by Olivier who will keep a straight face. in part... . role of Melvinski Karamazov, the youngest of the three brothers. 


2 **A little knowledge is a dangerous thing 
—Arthur Miller 


Nd Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


INCREASE THE CIRCULATION DEPT. 


Right away, we open up with an eye-opening article. Yes, gang, this article will 
open your beady little eyes to the amazing differences between the old and... 


M THE NEW 


M M00 
Its there's been a whole bunch of articles published in 


PICTURES RY WALLACE WOOD 

leading magazines concerning “The New Marylin”. And 
since MAD is a leading magazine (it leads you down the 
road to mental deterioration! ), we decided that we, too, 
ought to do an article on “The New Marylin”. We decided 
this after we'd done a lot of thinking about these other ar- 


OLD MARYLIN publicity-stills like 
above show her posing in revealing 
attire. Note off-the-shoulder gown. 


like 


NEW MARYLIN publicity-stills 
above show her posing in tasteful 
attire. Note added shoulder straps. 


STARS IN BROADWAY STAGE PLAY 


BROADWAY THEATERGOERS WILL ACCLAIM the New Marylin for her first 
legitimate stage role in new play, written especially for her by famed 
husband, when she plays part of Wilma Loman in "The Death of a Saleslady”. 


ticles we'd seen. We thought about the amazing facts we'd 
seen published in these articles. We thought about the amaz- 
ing speculations we'd seen published in these articles. But 
mainly we thought about the amazing pictures we'd seen 
published in these articles. 

Ma-rone! 


THE NEW MARYLIN, now conscious of 
her mentul attributes, married men- 
tal specimen, famous playwright. 


THE OLO MARYLIN, conscious of her 
physical attributes, married physi- 
cal specimen, famous baseball star. 


THROUGH HARD WORK, STUDY, AND MAINLY PLENTY PUBLICITY 


MAKES HOLLYWOOD HALL OF FAME 


Y 4 


N 


ULTIMATE TRIUMPH will be when New Marylin joins Movie Hall of Fame with 
such greats as Garbo, Barrymore, and Volentino in recognition of her best 
picture...the picture that made her...the picture on that there calendar. 


** Heaven will protect the working girl 3 


—Ava Gardner 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Real Advertisements 


IF YOU LIKE TO 
COLLECT RECORDS 


and want lots of storage 
space; this table-sized 
black wrought-iron rab. 
inet is pe waiting for 
your collection to grow- 
into! 12 compartments 
hold over 250 albums. 
Top acenammodates larg- 
est player made! Sturdy, 
30" high x 22" x 17". 
Please remit $14.95; 
shipped exp. collect. 
Leslie Creations, 


Dept. 39 A, Lafayette 
Hil, Pa. 


ARE YOU 


MAD? 


BURNED UP, that is. Become a REG- 
ISTERED CRITIC and tell the world off. 
Criticize women, sports, politics, radio, 
TV, your wife's cooking or MAD Mag- 
azine with the authority and assurance 
of a recognized critic. Adorn your 
bore lapel with the handsome, bronze 
REGISTERED CRITIC PIN. A parchment 
wall certificate and impressive mem- 
bership card proclaims your powers 
and renders opposition useless. A 
REGISTERED CRITIC KIT contains the 
whole works — ready for immediate 
use. Only $2.00 POSTPAID. 


CRITICS PANEL M 
Box 3113, Philadelphia 50, Pa. 

V eu MAD, “SO ILL AA 
REGISTERED CRITIC KITS at $2.00 each. 


e 


NAME 


ADDRESS 


FULL 
COLOR! 


icy 
“What, me worry?” 
"WHAT—ME WORRY?" kid reproductions in 
full color, suitable for framing and patching 
colored wall paper are now available for 25c. 
Mail money to: Dept. "What —COLOR?", c/o 
MAD, Rm. 706, 225 Lofayetie Si., N. Y. 12, N. Y. 


4 


LETTERS DEPT. 


ELVIS PELVIS 


How dare you! The nerve of you! How 
could you write such an article on my 
idol, the one, the only Elvis Presley! 
Man, I dig him the most! I dig you too! 
But keep it up, and I'll dig you a grave!! 

Dotti Stavin 
Huntington, L. I. 


] just read your stupid article on 
Elvis Presley. 1 happen to be a fan of 
Mr. Presley's, and not your crummy mag- 
azine. Just keep it up if you want to 
losc thc few rcaders you've got! You'vc 
just lost one—me! I don't think that 
“Pelvis” bit was one bit funny. 

Jean Menti 
East Canaan, Conn. 


I think your Dec. issue of MAD 
stinks. Anyone who writes the way you 
did about Elvis Presley is probably jeal- 
ous because they haven't got his looks 
or talent. 

Jan Baldwin 
Memphis, Mich 


Jealous of talent? 


I am an Elvis Pelvis fan, and when 
I first saw your article I was disgusted. 
But after a better look, I thought it was 
the best article you have ever put into 


your great magazine. 
Gary DeLain 


Jamestown, N. Y. 


We hatc you! What a scroungy article 
in your rag about our idol, Elvis. We 
just wish the electricity wired into Elvis's 
guitar was wired into your head. Besides, 
he doesn't even use an electric guitar. 

Elvis Presley Fan Club 
Orland, Calif. 


I have always wondered why the peo- 
ple who go to see Elvis Pelvis jump out 
of their seats, but thanks to you, now | 
know why! 

Ronald P. Jones 


Parkertown, Ohio 


I really went "mad" over your story 
on Elvis (sigh) Pelvis. 

Michael Mason 

Montclair, N. J. 


I thought the article described him 
perfectly. 
Dan Galloway 
Macon, Ga. 


Many thanks for the “Elvis Pelvis” 
article. It was really great. 

Ronny Klugman 

Springfield, N. J. 


I think it's a scream. 
Robert Masonheimer 
Modesto, Calif. 


Our apologies to Elvis Presley fans. It was 
all in fun. We believe Elvis is very talented. 
See pg. 35.—Ed. 


ADS 


I liked very much your subscription 
advertisement: "Vital Items You Can Buy 
for a Quarter" on the inside rear cover of 
your December issue. You have convinced 
mc. I am going to save that quarter. Im 
not going to buy the next issue of MAD. 

Harold Weiss 
Havana, Cuba 


What's the idea of putting a "real ad" 
in your December issue of MAD, espe- 
cially something stupid like Elevator 
Shoes. Who in the world would want to 
be two inches taller? 

Mickey Rooney 
Cincinnati, Ohio 


CAPTAIN HOOK 


In "Morbid Dick", you showed a pic- 
ture of Captain Hook with the hook on 
his left arm. In "Pulp Magazines", you 
showed him with the hook on his right 
arm. You guys are gonna get in trouble 
with the Brotherhood of Pirates if you 
arcn't morc carcful. 

Tom Player 
Houston, Texas 


** A stitch in time saves nine 


Conrod Steiner 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ADVICE 


Your Advice Department has given me 
the courage to go on. 

Louis Callahan 

Seattle, Wash. 


MOUSE TRAPS 


I have come to the conclusion that you 
men at MAD are farshimmilt. After close 
examination, ] discovered a serious error 
in your “Mouse Trap" article. In the 
Artistic Approach, door to salon E is 
labeled F, and sign F is labeled E. This 
confused me no end. 

Robert Monement. 
Seattle, Wash. 


Confuscd labels 
F 


Think of how it confuses the mouse. 
Seriously, Bob, along with many sharp-eyed 
readers, noted our error.—Ed. 


I am writing in protest to your article 
on "More Civilized Mousctraps". Has it 
ever occurred to you that perhaps we mice 
don't want any kind of mousetraps at all? 

Free Fall Ferris 
So. Orange, N. J. 


Completely convinced by your article, 
] constructed a replica of "The Psycho- 
logical Approach". After one session, our 
mouse solved all his problems (namely 
an inferiority complex), happily paid the 
outlandish bill, and promptly beac the 
daylights out of our cat. Please forward 
the name of a Cat Psychiatrist, as pussy 
now has the inferiority complex. 
Chips Koehler 
Pittsburgh, Pa. 


WALT DIZZY 


You have some nerve making fun of 
Walt Dizzvs money vaults. What is 
wrong with having a safe place to keep 
one's life savings. Keep it up, Dizz, old 
man, and never mind what they say about 
you. 

Jack Benny 
Hollywood, Calif. 


MAD will be happy to learn that I 
have just discovered another field in 
which I can make money. I am suing you! 

Walt Dizzy 
Hollywood, Calif. 


MERIT BADGES 


Your suggestions for cribbing in exams 
were really very helpful. The result was 
a fantastic high A in English. One ques- 
tion: How can I lick the Geometry test 
coming up if I «till «ee the English notes 
on the insides of my eyelids? 

Tim Lachman 
Chester, Pa. 


1 have faithfully fulfilled all the re- 
quirements needed to earn the Defacing 
Mad Merit Badge. Every billboard, poster, 
rest-room wall, fence, sidewalk, and white 
house has either a funny face or the 
Gettysburg Address scribbled on it. Now 
please tell me the requirements for get- 
ung out of jail. 

John Doe 
Nyack, N. Y. 


I attempted to copy the Rime of the 
Ancient Mariner on the inside of my left 
eyelid but became discouraged when my 
eye kept rolling under the couch. 

Marty Karpen 
Chicago, III 


I just can't get smoke from a chocolate 
cigar. Help me. 
Phil Duffey 
Mt. Vernon, N. Y. 


OLD COMIC'S HOME 


I've just finished your article on "The 
Old Comic Strip Characters’ Home. Do 
you mean to say that Miss Fury ( No. 47) 
has faded into obscurity? If so, where's 
that home of yours located? 

Kcn Mayer 
Tucson, Ariz. 


Obscure Miss Fury? 


The artists of the Toledo Blade are 
mad about your MAD. My partner, Allen 
Saunders writes continuity for "Steve 
Roper“ and "Mary Worth’. We see 
where both strips were represented by 
Wood in "The Old Comic Strip Charac- 
ters Home". Now, when fans ask "What 
ever became of Chief Wahoo?", we can 
show them Woody's candid shot of him 
on the roof, sending a smoke signal, ap- 
parently to his old pal, "Steve Roper". 
And Ken Ernst is making "Mary Worth" 
more lovely every day, changing her quite 
a bit from your "Apple Mary", shown in 
retirement on that page. 

Elmer Woggon 
Toledo, Ohio 


BOWLING 


Last week, we went bowling, and fol- 
lowed MAD's directions for playing and 
scoring. My friend bowled 301. Who 
goofed? 

Bruce Furic 
Millburn, N. J. 


For your information, thc bowling ball 
is not held by the thumb, middle and 
index fingers. It is held by the thumb, the 
middle finger, and the ring finger. Im- 
beciles. 

Jean Roy 
Portland, Oregon. 


Imbecile's Bowling Grip 


Looks like we goofed. Reader Roy is 
right. No wonder we bowl owful.—Ed, 


Is left out in article on Bowling that 
game was first invented. by Comrade 
Nickoli Josef Bowlinskitov who started 
rolling cannonballs at Czarist troops when 
we using up ammunition. 

N. Lenin Jr. 
Moscow, U.S.S.R. 


SELF DEFENSE 


Gee Whiz! Your article on “The Man- 
ly Art of Self Defense” was keeno! Neaty 
—super! Now we'll show those nasty old 
West Side bullys! 

Hiram Dinkerpok 
Long Beach, Calif. 


You guys are nuts! Your article on 
Self Defense is written all wrong. Don't 
you know the best self defense is to run? 

James Eveland 
San Francisco, Calif. 


LETTERS 


You know what I think? I think you 
Editors write all the letters that are in the 
Letter Dept. yourselves. I'll bet you throw 
out all the letters you get without reading 
them. In fact, I'm so sure, I'll bet you 
$1000.00 you won't print this letter. 

Michael Wiesenberg 
Calgary, Alberta, Can. 


Send money to address below, Mike. 
Actually, all letters in this column are written 
by readers, including the gag letters. Cross 
our heort.—Ed. 

Please address all correspondence to: 
MAD, Room 706, Dept. 31, 225 Lafay- 
ette Street, New York 12, New York 


* * You can't make a nylon purse out of a sow's car 5 


—E. I. DuPont 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


**Cold hands, warm heart 


CALL OF THE WILD MAGAZINES DEPT. —Adm. Richard E. Byrd 


With violent-type stuff like Rock 'n Roll, Hot-Rodding, Comic Books and Potsy under 
fire these days, Junior is having a hard time finding acceptable pastimes and reading matter 
that will allow him to blow off steam. Pop, on the other hand, is having no trouble blowing 
off steam. There's always Hunting and Fishing . . . and all that reading matter devoted to 
these delightful, acceptable pastimes. Reading matter like . . . 


I knew that I might never come back alive, but 
the lure of high adventure drove me on as. 


I COURTED CERTAIN DEATH 


HUNTING 


— 
—— — 
TDI. 
— 


— 


by Major Lance Sturdley, D. S. O., M. C. 
FIELD & SCREAM S Indiscriminate Slaughter Editor 


t was the tense grind of close-quarters hunting that But, you ask, what possible danger can there be in 
wore me down until my life was a combination of hunting a twelve-ounce, fully mature North American 
frayed nerves, foul temper, and sheer exhaustion... chipmonk? 


and mainly, I hadn't killed anything yet. The knowl- The danger of certain death, I say, is not when you 
edge of certain danger dogged my every move as I meet up with that twelve-ounce, fully mature North 
crept through the dense underbrush, starting at every American chipmonk. The danger of certain death is 
noisc, and conjuring up terrifying pictures with my when you meet up with that one-hundred-and-eighty 
over-worked imagination. pound, immature North American trigger-happy hunter! 


6 
PICTURES BY JACK DAVIS 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


— 


— 


IRY BLINTZ casts for bass, using old method 
which calls for $1252.63 worth of equipment. 


AFTER fourteen hours on lake, Irv Blintz dis- 
plays day's catch: 2 spotted bass and a sunfish, 


FIELD & SCREAM'S EXCITING DEVELOPMENT ... A SENSIBLE METHOD TO... 


INCREASE YOUR BASS CATCH 


ANOTHER NEW ANGLE 


ave any of you veteran bass fishermen ever figured out 
H just how much each bass you catch costs you? Even if 
you are lucky enough to catch the legal limit every day of 
the bass season, by the time you add up vital fishing ex 
penses like cabin rent, transportation, beer, band-aids, beer, 
cigarettes, and beer, you're going to find that vou simply 
can't afford to fish for those 


FROM THE OLD ANGLER 


teries, T. N. T. sticks and a detonator near a luke well- 
stocked with bass, is to invite suspicion from those nosey 
Fish and Game Wardens. We at riELD & SCREAM have de 
veloped our own sensible method. 

Our sensible method is: hand grenades! 
War surplus hand grenades, recently tested by our staff, 


few bass you've been catch- 
ing! The return just isn’t there. 
Not in proportion to the orig 
inal investment. 

Now we are aware that, in 
order to solve this urgent 
problem confronting frustrat- 
ed and financially over-extend 
ed bass fishermen, a rival out- 
door-type magazine has de- 
veloped an irresponsible meth- 
od of bass fishing. It is guar- 
anteed (they say) to increase your catches, to insure your 
going over the legal limit, and thus make your bass-fish- 
ing financially sound. Their irresponsible method is dyna- 
mite! Friends, this method is not only vile, it is foolhardy! 
This method is not only ill-advised, it is downright danger- 
ous! Any idot who is a true sportsman knows that to be 
discovered carrying cumbersome electric cables, "B" bat- 


MILTON FORBISHER casts for bass, using new 
FIELD & SCREAM sensible, low cost method. 


FIELD & SCREAM's exciting new development is 
guaranteed to increase bass catches. Attached 
hooks make grenade look like a clever lure. 


were found to offer many real 
advantages over the foolhardy 
dynamite method. Chief ad 
vantage is, you can hide gre- 
nades in tour pocket, thus 
avoiding suspicion, Concus- 
sion grenades are best suited 
for deep water work where 
they can reach down und de- 
stroy even the fish eggs, thus 
eliminating all bass within the 
blast area. Fragmentation gre- 
nades give excellent results 
when used in shallow water near the lake shore where rico- 
chet effect often eliminates any fishermen who might be 
dangerous witnesses to this exciting sport. So try our sen- 
sible method, friends. It keeps that old budget down! 
One last word of caution, friends: after you pull the det- 
onating ring on the grenade and count to ten, don't forget 
to let go! Good luck and good fishing! The Crafty Old Angler 


FOURTEEN seconds later, Milton Forbisher dis- 


**Spare the rod and spoil the chi!d 


plays fantastic catch of large small-mouthed bass. CONTINUED 


—Mino! F. Jelke Sr. 


HUNTERS in unsheltered blinds spend long, 
miserable hours shivering in fog, rain and near- 
freezing temperature, wait for ducks to show up. 


Cir — : : 
WHEN FLOCK finally does appear, hunters are 
usually too numb from amount of liquid warmer 
imbibed to get off accurate shot, often miss... 


ght 


** A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush 
—John J. Audubon 


Go out to your favorite blind with FIELD 
& SCREAM’s new-type decoys, and we 
guarantee you'll find thut 


DUCK HUNTINC 


CAN HE FUN! 


by Col. Lancelot Borscht-Bagel, A. M., E. VI. 
FIEEDA&SCREAM Ss Duck Huntingand Chicken-Flicking Editor. 


here's no doubt about it, gang! Much as we duck hunters 

will hate to admit it, crouching in that. swamp-blind 
hour after hour, through fog and rain and near-freezing 
temperatures, just to get off a few scattered shots at a flock 
of Mallards that might chance by, certainly takes the fun 
out of this otherwise invigorating sport. 

FIELD & SCREAM's new-type duck decoy eliminates all 
that discomfort once und for all, With this decoy, you can 
go out to your favorite blind anytime you care to.. on a 
sunny day at high noon in the middle of Summer if vou 
prefer... and SHOOT THOSE DUCKS! 

Yes, gang, after years of research, your duck hunting 
editor is finally able to announce FIELD & SCREAM's new 
development...the boon to hunters everywhere. Vinyl 
Plastic Decovs filled with ketehup [ust float 'em out on that 
lake, blast away, and experience the thrill we duck hunters 
usually spend miserable hours waiting for, as that near- 
convincing blood spatters in all directions. No more patience 
required. Just a little imagination. 


5 Có 
FIELD & SCREAWM's revolutionary 
new development in duck decoys. 


Now, with FIELD & SCREAM's 
new-type Vinyl Plastic Decoys, 
duck hunters can experience the 
thrill of the kill without suffering 
all the pain and misery and dis- 
comfort of crouching in a cold, 
damp unsheltered swamp-blind. 


— 
as Rut harpoon misses herring, strikes Skin diver Furd is reeled in by ex- 
gun harpoon at herring target. killie on hook being used as bait... cited fisherman on party boat above. 


For refreshing new thrills in the 
sport of killing fish, try... 


SKIN DIVING 


by Rear Admiral Ozgood (Glugg) Z Beard. U.S.L.H.S. ( Ret.) 
FIELD & SCREAM’s Underwater Editor. 


f yau're a deep-sea fisherman, and you're heginning to get bored 

with having to spend long hours in a boat, jigging bait, waiting 
for that occasionally hungry fish to strike, then skin diving is the 
sport for you, Now you can go right down there and get those big 
ones whether they're hungry or not! 

If the excitement of feeling a squirming blowfish on the end of 
your line has worn thin, then great new thrills await you. You 
haven't lived till you've had a red snapper impaled on the end of 
a sling gun spear! 

If you've grown tired of reeling in limp sea robbins so you can 
bash them over the head to put them out of their misery, then you 
don't know what you're missing. Wait until you see what happens to 
a porgy when you hit it with a gas gun harpoon! 

Sportsmen, start enjoying this satisfying new sport today! AJ) 
you need is a diving mask, a pair of swi s, compressed air breath- 
ing gear, a spear gun, and a lust for life. Some poor fish’s life. And 
you're set. So whet your appetite on these fascinating pictures of 
skin divers in action, and then rush down to your favorite sporting 
goods store. Join the growing ranks of fishermen who are daily Nothing deters skin diver Walt Goob- 
tangling with fish on their own grounds, and turning the cool green er as he eagerly stalks evasive floun- 
depths into a gore-streaked sickly scarlet, CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE der through sunken Spanish galleon. 


Fishermen on crowded party boat above bake in hot ...while skin divers in cool depths below stalk fish and 
sun, wait for bites as they stand elbow to elbow dodge misfired harpoons as they swim elbow to elbow. 
— i ee s , ; à 


e 


^ 
D 


. are 
right 


0 


FIELD and SCREAM's buyer's guide. 


Sportsmen! Learn to throw a 


BOOMERANC! 


Only $5.98, two for $11.00 

m 3 

"m tested, 
guaranteed to 


return and end all 


your troubles (as 


long as yau don't i 

agg out and duck!) P^ 

C. Write now to: A 
— — 


Dept. Rebound“, 
Wham, South Dakota, 


Y BOY 
DOG TRAINER WHISTLES 


Only $1.00 postpaid 


Rush your order now for this sensational 
dog whistle Emits ear-splitting shriek 
Plastic mouthpiece allows firm grip, re- 
sists tooth wear Allows you to train to 
lie, heel, sit up and beg, and even point, 
once your dog learns to blow it and you 
become accustomed to that ear-splitting 
shriek. Send money now to: 


"Down Boy!", Whiplash, Oregon. 
SPORTSMEN 


GET LOST! 


Camp Portage in Great North 
Woods. Experience thrill of 
fighting your way back to civ- 


iliagtion, Frew survivel kit in- 
cluded. We guuruntee 100 10 
] odds you will never be seen 
again. Hove the time of what's 
lett of your life! Write to 


A 

HA 
T POTTERS, FIELD, CANADA 
ARMY SURPLUS 


LAND MINES 


$11.98 each. 


Why hother to go to all the trouble 
of stalking that deer or that grizzly 
bear when you can bury one of our 
Army Surplus Land Mines and let 
the critters blow themselves sky high. 
And think of the uproarious fun 
when some nosy Game Warden 
comes blundering by! 


Rush Money to: Sky High, Blamm, Ga. 


ARMY SURPLUS 


MINE DETECTORS 


$13.50 each 


Hunters! Don't fall prey to other hunt- 
ers who have sent in to above adver- 
tiser. Afford yourself a fighting chance. 
Act now, Before it is too late! 

Rush money to: Look Out. Fzzt. Ga. 


10 


FIELD & SCREAMS 
FISHING & HUNTING TIPS 
by Private Elmo Klunk, U.S.M.C., Dishon. Disch. 


TIE YOUR OWN FLIES 


TYING your own flies can be an enjoy 
able and profitable pastime on those 
long evenings between seasons when 
you can't get out there and kill fish. 
Even the less-skilled can quickly learn 
to tie flies. Just make sure the various 
colored silk threads you use will be 
able to withstand abuse, as those flies 
kick up quite a storm when you get 
them tied down and you begin pulling 
their wings off. 


FLUSHING QUAIL 


FLUSHING quail is always a touchy 
task for the blast-happy bird hunter, 
especially when he goes over the legal 
limit and stands a chance of being 
caught because the Game Warden is 
at the front door. If feathers are pluck- 
ed promptly upon arriving home, quail 
ean be easily flushed, since absence of 
feathers allows them to slip down water 
closet without blocking. 


CHECK THAT BORE 


RORE trouble can be a serious prob- 
lem for hunters. Bad aim and a missed 
deer are often the results. If you're out 
in the woods with a hunting party, 
and you're unlucky enough to develop 
bore trouble, nip the problem in the 
bud. Grab your rifle and shoot him 
before he ruins the whole trip. 


KEEPING WORMS 


EXCELLENT results can be obtained 
if you keep those big, fat, juicy night 
crawlers in the refrigerator until the 
little woman lets you go fishing again. 
Just be sure to store them in a clear 
plastic container. By George, you'll be 
going fishing sooner than you think 
when the little woman takes one look 
and packs off to her mother's house. 


IMPORTANT NOTICE: 
Last month, as a service to hunters everywhere, the editors of FIELD & SCREAM 
presented a tabulation of game seasons for each state in the Union. Since then, 


most states have revised or changed their game season dotes, We shall print e full 
list of vital corrections in our neat issue. Meanwhile, too bad if you get arrested! 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


** All th id's a stade. and all the people merely players 
HOLLYWOOD DEPT. — i ° “Cecil B. DeMille 


SCENES WE’D LIKE TO SEE 


One against four. 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


** All the news that's fit to print 
NEWSPAPERS DEPT. É —Bob Harrison 
m 


Billy Poobah, son of Mr. & Mrs. Jim Poobah, 
took a bicycle ride yesterday. But imagine his 
surprise when he returned home to find his 
father waiting for him with a hairbrush. It 
seems that the bike Billy took for a ride wasn't 
his. It belonged to the little boy next door. 


The other day, while perusing pages of a little-known weekly paper called “The Abeline 
Gardening Club and P. T. A. Gazette“, we ran across the above story . . . and it started us 
thinking. What if this story were picked up by all those wire-services like UP, AP, and 
URRP, and sent around the country? What would happen to it? Here then is MAD's version 
of how some newspapers, magazines, and columnists would treat the very same... 


As Pegler Sees It: 
A Delinquent Chip off 
the Old Blockhead 


By WESTBROOK PEGLER 


1 SEE they finally caught up with this guy, this 
Billy whatzisname, this Poobah whack out in 
Kansas. But what doesn't surprise me and shouldn't 
surprise anybody who got out of the sixth grade 
on his own hook and has half a brain for what’s 
going on and isn’t a bunch of dopes is that it’s this 
same Poobah character whose old man was a char- 
ter member of the Roosevelt-Truman-Juan Peron- 
Falange, that carried the citizens of Abeline, along 
with their votes, in its hip pocket for so long. 

And it’s the same Poobah, the old man this 
time, who under cover of being a janitor in one of 
those egg-head high schools, carried wastebaskets 
for years in one hand, and his party membership 
card in the other. And you know what I think of 
Eleanor Roosevelt. 

Before janitor, this slob was a patrol leader 
in Boy Scout Troop 18, the notorious commy-front 
group T exposed last Christmas Eve. 

It was his old lady who used to bake cookics 
for the Salvation Army's Send-a-Boy-to-Camp 
Movement, (alias the Abraham Lincoln Brigade), 
the same summer camp, you recall, which brought 
together such commy-loving cronies as you know 
what I think of Eleanor Roosevelt. 

It stinks. The whole thing stinks. You stink. 


HOLLYWOOD HIGHLIGHTS 
Epic Crime To 
Be Movie Epic 


By LOUELLA O. PARSONS 


Motion Picture Editor, International News Service 


NAPSHOTZ OF HOLLYWOOD COLLECTED 
AT RANDOM. .. Well folks, all Movieland is 
agog. Because underneath all that tinsel and glamour, 
people here are just like folks. What I'm trying to 
tell you is William Wyler stopped by my house this 
morning on the way to the studio because, as Bill put 
it, he couldn't wait to tell me the happy news. 


So here is the exclusive news 
Jill told me over a cup of coffee 
in the kitchen. He has pur- 
chased the exclusive rights to 
the “Billy Poobah Story". That 
was the story you will recall, of 
the little boy out in Joplin, St. 
Louis, who stole a bicycle and 
did all those terrible things. Bill 
also wanted me to know Ex 
clusively that he has lined up 
Sal Mineo to play Billy, and, of 
course, June Alyson will play 
Billy’s mother. Charles Bick- 
ford, that wonderful old char- 
Charles Bickford acter actor, will play Billy's bi- 


cycle. 


b Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DAILY A NEWS 


NEW YORK’S PICTURE NEWSPAPER © 


Billy (The Kid) Yields 
In Daylight Nab 


Abeline, Aug. 16 
Abeline, shocked by one of the most bizarre crimes com- 
mitted in these parts since the bawdy, sexy, early frontier 
days, waited for the capture of the hopped-up, sex-crazed 
bieycle-thief, sex-year-old Billy Poobah. 


Daily Worker 


Sharecropper's 


Son Victim Of 
International 


Banker's Plot 


Abeline, Kan. Aug. 16(L AS 
— Once more, the hands of 
American Justice were tied, 
‘led badman, | this time by a wolf-pack of 
1 ac Bog etr thas insane, blood-hungry Capital- 
and a pair of faded, hand-me Ha ' ung apit 
down | , Was finally nabbed in v. m ists, who stormed a rotted 
his tree-house hideout along with $ and battered farmhouse in 
several accomplices. (Latest re » , 
port ail to implieate any of ; b the center of the greal Kan- 
these ir „the actual theft, al- ; ; sas Dust Bowl, and with sav- 
though they are all being held E: p WU ia a " ug - 
Sm terial witaesses) age screams of ill the 
peasant!", dragged out onto 
the eropless dry earth the 
broken and mutilated body of 
little comrade Billy Poobah. 


For sex hours today, citizens of 


} 


Gives up without a fight 

Exhibiting the crooked sneer 
of the incorrigible juvenile de- 
linquent, Billy Poobah was 
i d, aming, into his 

r's bedroom. (See photos in With typical Ame 
center fold). Through wild eyes, : , í ; ist decadent mob-rul 
red-rimmed with debauchery, } 4 they kicked the peasant child as 
looked out on what pro far as the nearest leafless tree, and 


be his last view of outside Lovely Vava Voom, starring in m 


for at least sex days. 


Sheriff refuses comment 


melting into cake of icc while sing 
playing at your local theatre, 30 


there, in the words of the popular, 
pseudo-cowboy, movie-star-propa- 
gandists, they "strung him up" for 


his crime. 
Comrade Billy Poobauh's only 


crime was being poor 


The Sheriff's Office refused 
comment on whether or not Pao 
as thought to be the mas 
termind behind a series of bi 
cycle thefts and sex crimes which 
have terrorized Abeline for the 


This Thursday night, a Memorial 
Rally for Billy Poobah will be held 
past sex weeks. in Madison Square Garden. Paul 
(Compete with professiona! Robeson will sing “The Ballad of 
The NEWS pays five dollars for Billy Poobah", and a collection 
will be made. Don't fail to attend 
Don't fail to bring money 


on-the-spot newstips and un- 


ARIET 


POOBAH TRIAL DOES, BOFFO, B. O. 


‘Billyboy’ SRO Click in Stix CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 
1 


D Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


founded rumors.) 


FILMS MUSIC 


EDITORIAL PAGE 


American 


“The end of everything is the beginning of nothing.” 


NEW YORK. 


Journal x 


William Randolph Hearst 
An Open Letter 
To liilly Poobah 


E'VE NEVER met you, Billy. You 

may be short, or tall, or fat, or thin, 
or all those things. We don't know. We may 
even like you. Someday. 

BUT NOT TODAY! 

NO, BILLY. Not today. For today, you 
are an angry man, full of the stone-headed 
UNREASONABLENESS that has eursed 
all the angry men who have gone before you. 

THE NAPOLEONS, THE HITLERS, 
THE STALINS, THE ROOSEVELTS! 

WE KNOW your crime, Billy. And 
somehow, we feel that tomorrow, you will 
regret that erime. AT LEAST WE HOPE 
YOU DO! For stone-headed UNREASON- 
ABLENESS ean never contend with 
TRUTH and HONESTY and SINCERITY 
and LOVE and HONOR and AMERICAN- 
ISM. 

NOT FOR LONG! 

SO TRY, Billy. Try for a moment to 
look across your narrow road, and see what's 
on the other side. See what you've done to 
the people on the other side of that road. See 
how you have hurt those people... PEOPLE 
WIIO LOVE YOU, IN SPITE OF THAT 
HURT. 

WE'VE NEVER met you, Billy. But 
someday, we may even like you. 


THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 


The New York Times 


BOY, THREE, HELD 
IN BIKE THEFT 


Abeline Youth is Accused of 
Stealing New Bicycle by 
Neighbor's Boy 


— 
By ROBERT BUCK 
Special to The New York Times 
ABELINE, Kan., Aug. 16 — It is 
alleged to have been reported by 
hitherto rellable but as yet uncon 
lirmed sources, that a young man 
was Indicted In Abeline, Kan., on a 
charge of third degree petty lar- 
ceny. His name is being withheld, 
presumably pending investigation 
by proper authorities. This report 
has been neither confirmed nor de 
nied by local officials 


TIME 


THE WEEKLY NEWSMAGAZINE 


THE NATION 
For Billy, No Santa Claus 


Out on the hot, hard, dirt caked streets 
vf Abeling, Kansas, there was sadness tu- 
day. For the first time in his brief life, little 
Billy Poobah (rhymes with Poo-Bah 
knew the meaning of fear. Billy, who is 
short (2'6"), partly bald, and old beyond 
his thirty-seven months, was taken into cus- 
tady on a charge of small theft. There, in 
the hot, hard, dirt-caked bedroom of his 
small Kansas farmhouse, Father Poobah 
prepared Billy for his Armageddon. (For 
Billy's reaction, ste DOMESTIC AFFAIRS 


— SX SAS 
— a RRC ECH 


S CNN 


KFR X 


ERNIE KOVACS DEPT. 


hy (Perey Dovetonsils 


Mav times, maybap at eve’ tide . or better still 
at ebb (of same), the query bas come at me: 

Why, Percy, do you wrile poetry?” 

] ponder this question now as 7 relax in my neat 
little kitchen with my pink ordandy curlains softly 
blowing to and [ro and vice versa.7 look upon my mauve 
porcelain table, atop which sits my toaster of chartreuse 
and chromium hues reflecting portions of my refrider 
alor smartly finished in brilliant aqua and Betty-Fur 
ness Beige and 7 wonder aloud: “Why .. . why, 
indeed, Percy?” 

And the answer comes 
crease in my seersucker slacks 

Writing poetry keeps one young! And to the poet, a 
man is only as ode as he feels! (You'll pardon my small 
bit of facetiousness 


"» 


straight and clear as the 


After ] have written a particularly sparkling piece 
such as the delightful gem on the following pages, 7 
throw wide my lavender French doors with the cerise 
shantung knobs ... and 7 cry to all and sundry, “Tm 
nol afraid of you, Greater Gotham, Bronx, Brooklyn, 
nor Queens!7 fear you not, ob rest of world Paris 
London... Higbstown, N. ) 

And then, as tbe tiny prickly bristles of my sturdy 
orchid welcome mat work into my innersoles and 7 
knead the mat vigorously with my healthy pink toes, 
7 thrust my shining face into the full force of the dawn s 
descending dew, and 1 smile 

For 1 am no longer afraid 

Jt is as Percy Bysshe Shelley once said: 


"Everybody tatks about the weather, but darn the 


torpedoes and full speed ahead! continued ON NEXT PAGE 


MR. ERNIE KOVACS 


—Grace Kelly 


**Good night, sweet Prince 


333 SOOO OOOO 0000056 


a = —— — Sef OE See St, wae 


ODE TO SHANEEW’S 
cuo PUSSYCAE 0 


4607 4€ 0! 4 2^ 4 0^ ax 20 H Perey "Dooelonsils 46x 0x 26x ,. 


ORT 


\ 


s% 


88888 


2 
N | was a strong child and considered quite manly i planned to be a fireman; he planned 10 be o doctor 
VED | lived in the suburbs next door to Stonley. His mother taught psychiatry; honest! | could've socked her. 


SESE 


She taught her son to exert his mind on animal and friend. Stanley's pussycat at first was just as nice os silk. 
What he did to his pussycat was just about the end. He purred like other pussycats and always drank his milk. 


S% 


SSES 
wi 


$e 


5888 


AN 


2058 


. 2 
Then that awful Stanley put his pussycat on the couch, That pussy's personality slowly began to change. 
And psychoonalyzed poor pussy and made him such a grouch, His friendly purr became a snarl with an Yma Sumac range. 


AANA INE Cr Gy 2808 EVY EI AEI (uy C) py EY CY C) 


LOS 


28 


He'd «neak into the living room with steps as soft as satin, He'd quip it down and drop all shame and lose all sanse of fear 
Climb up on the cocktail bar, and mix a strong Manhattan. Then he'd drink a second one and spit the cherry at the mirror. 


IR 


DS 


OS 


He'd drink till dawn, then down the street, he'd stugger, round and fut His drinking went from bud to worse, ‘twos really most disturbin’; 
Soon everyone was gossiping “bout Stanley's pussycat. He'd catch the mice ot ony bor in trade for a shot of Bourbon. 


EINE 


RS 


Stanley's pussycat became a drunk; he stole to purchase liquor. Soon he couldn’ t catch the mice ot all, the bors refused to pay him. 


When nice pussycots drank milk and cream, Stanley's would hiccup The mice ran away when he sneaked up on them, ‘cause his breath a 
and snicker. would always betray him. 


OD OCC 


BES 


They'd run into their little holes os he'd try to chase and foll. Then one day the mice struck back, such sorrow you never felt, sir . . . IL 
His bloodshot eyes grew wide in surprise when he'd lurch into the wall. When laughing with zest, from the medicine chest, they stole his 23 
Alka Seltzer! 


AAAA NAAA AAAA AENA 


PICK-A-CARD DEPT. 


** To err is human; to forgive, divine 
~Joe McCarthy 


To this, the era of labor saving and time-saving innovations, 
no industry has contributed more than the Greeting Card 
Industry, In che old days, unless it were for a standard occa- 
sion, like an anniversary or a birthday, one had to pen notes 
of congratulations, sympathy, etc. by hand. The Greeting 
Card companies, realizing that this was a waste of time, 
a waste of effort, and mainly a waste of profits, rallied to 


the cause. And today, the hand-penned note is a thing of 
the past. Today, there is a labor-saving, rime-saving greet- 
ing card for every possible occasion and relationship. Well, 
almost every. After painstaking effort, MAD's research staff 
has come up with a few subjects not as yet covered by this 
inventive industry. Here then, before they appear on the 
market (and they will, we guarantee!) arc some... 


MAD GREETING CARDS 


My heart skips a beat 

With you out on the street. 

This treatment ts disgraceiul. 
Your bed's got second baxe full! 


Congratulations 
On Your Promotion! 


Put your shoes on, Lucy, 
Tho’ your toes are still juicy 
In the vats you once pranced, 
Bul now, you're advanced, 
J know you'll do fine 
On the bottling line, 
Because you're a real corker! 


Don't Let Them Needle You 
Because You Got Yourself 


TATTOOED! 


The heart on your arm is full of sweet charm. 
The ship on your chest is one of the best. 
Just one small detail has me in a whirl: 
Tattoos are okay, but ... Gee, you're a girl! 


TO MY FAVORITE NEWSY 
ABOUT WHOM I'M CHOOSY 


You're fit companion for Ladies Home". 
You've got the heat like “Metronome”. 
You keep the grime 
Off "Life" and "Time", 
Preserve “Confidential” 
From rains torrential. 
So tell me why you broke my arm 
When | asked you if you had "Charm"? 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Felicitations To A So You ve Had 
Despicable 


Disk Jockey Your Nose RBokbed ! 


Your repulsive breather, once monstrous and huge, 
Caused people who saw it to run for refuge. 
When you decided to reduce your beak aquiline, 
Your plastic surgeon didn’t know where to begin. 
But now that your scenter's petite as a geranium, 


. You're faced with o new problem . . . oversized craniuml 
On the air you announce, 


* Here's 'Blanket of Blue'!" 
So how come the music 
Sounds like ‘Sweet Sue’? 
For Sinatra and Clooney e Get -Well Care sx 
You refer intimate, cozy, 
To ‘Dear Francis Albert’ 
And just plain ‘Miss Rosie’. g matt sS ich Sandheg 
Can it be that your knowledge ! 
Of music's a jest? = = S 
Where's The Egyptian National Anthem’? 
C'mon! Play my request! 


SO YOU FAILED 
THE BAR EXAM AGAIN! 


We're glad it's pressure of food partaken, 
And not the bends... just your belly achin'! 


WE'RE ALL 460€... 
CAUSE YOU LOST YOUR JOB! 


Do not fret, ‘Clarence Darrow’, 
Cause your brain is too narrow. 
The life you were facing 
Was ambulance chasing. 
If you'd ever faced a jury of your peers, 
You coulda't've hid those cauliflower ears. 
So let this thought lend you sweet surcease: It's causing us great consternation: 
At Stillman's you're still "The Great Mouthpiece”! "This replacement by Automation. 


RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


EAR TO THE ETHER DEPT. 


"d 

LJ 

aven't you often wondered what other planets’ inhabi- 7 2 
tants are thi Or, still better, what they are ee 
"hat they inking might be embarrassing.) If . 


study these unusual pictures and 


quotations brought back from other planets by Basil Wol 
verton, MAD S rovir space reporter 
alizing the trem distances and rime involved in ^ 


such a "roject, MAD 1 usual foresight and rox keted 


Wolverton into space in 1774, (The shot he und the 

" 4 » Hh > 4 1 MI lon ^ - 
world.) On his return, Basil suddenly remembered he had 
| | to stop delivery of daily papers and milk. As a re- 


dz 


for his services, MAD has promised ro clean up mess 


A te 
rr € , 8 » ig 
accumulated in Wolverton front yard for the last 182 years , 
A > 
E ` 


+. || BROO ; 
Bo y GRROREYN : 
Floyd Void, Intra, Venus: ; 
*s "What's all this fuss 


** over Marilyn Monroe? She x 


* * has only two legs!“ se" 
ae * s e. LI 
L] bd E 
zy aha ge Boone Swoon, Olfather, Neptune: What's all 
M this fuss over Marilyn Monroe? She has 
— twice as many legs as she should have!“ ° 
LJ 
a 
` 
JL 
.* * 
^ 
. >. 
uL 


: " Harry 5. Irium, General Delivery, 
2 Groib Spoop, Canal £5, Mars: "My stars! How — Jupiter: “I like MAD in twenty- 

love to eat our gooey Earth Candy Bars!” „ five words or less because nothing 
^ ', inelegant is ever printed in it!“ 


p", _ uU — aiam. in. * 


ə Mandrill Gluten, Herschel, Uranus: “I used 
to like MAD better than anything because it 
- * had just the right amount of sulphur in 
the paper. But I took a bite out of Alfred 
E. Neuman last issue and he tasted just 
è like the Reader's Digest!“ 


Stanley Goovik, Asteroid 355: “This is the only E 
$ place where civilization has reached a peak!" 


e ^ 
J x e " z Ss 
* . 
. "e r . 2 . 
; . ;* Wyncha Gimeah, Ring, Sat- 
p urn: "Things are tough 
Siig a ts : here. We've got nothing 
2 d 8 but clods, and not even a « 
M ed < potrzebie to cook in!“ 


* 
ere e 


*Gertie Grunch, Bottled 
Water, Pluto: “Ihave one 
Grunch, but the eggplant 
over there!“ . 


Sullivan Ford, Linkin, A 'É 
Mercury: "Nobody lives 
. here but me, and | came Ya 
here to hide my Elvis hd : 
Presley records!“ N ASTRONONFR d 


E WANTED 
DO NOT APPLY 


3 ^ MILES f 

4 XE JS 

Alfred E. Lumen, June, 
Moon: "What, me furry?” 


LR. ha A 


<7 
«»; 


ublications, Inc. 


AL "JAZZBO" COLLINS DEPT. 


From the fabled labyrinths of "The Purple Grotto”, 
Al ‘Jazzbo’ Collins’ cool, chimerical kingdom deep 
beneath the sidewalks of New York, comes this next 
informative article which answers our question... 


WHAT'S ALL THIS 


The other day, your impulsive editors suddenly decided to do 
an article on Jazz. We suddenly decided to do this article on 
Jazz because we knew absolutely nothing about the subject, 
and we figured since we can't get much loot on this job, the 
least we can get is an education, So, since we wanted this 
article to be informative, since we wanted this article to 
be authoritative, and mainly since we wanted this ar- 
ticle, we decided to seek out the help of one of America's 
foremost authorities on the subject of Jazz, Mr. Al "Jazzbo" 
Collins. ( We got this article because we promised to say nice 
things like the above abour Mr. Collins.) And so, the other 
day, according to explicit directions given us over the tele- 
phone, your editors slipped down a certain manhole in an 
alley behind the N.B.C. building, boarded an old hand-car 
which was waiting, and pumped our way over what seemed 
like miles of abandoned subway tracks to that mysteriously 
glowing cavern deep below the teeming streets of New York 
known as “The Purple Grotto”. There, sitting at a round 
table, (There are no square tables in the Grotto! ) waited our 
host, the Grotto's owner and operator, Al " Jazzbo" Collins 
who is one of America’s foremost authorities on Jazz. (Well, 
we promised! ) On the following pages is a transcript of the 
exclusive and informative interview we had with Mr. Collins 

that is, what we could bear, above the blare of Shorty 
Rogers and his Giants’ latest LP, “Martians, Come Back!” 


(LEFT) PICTURE OF “SQUARE” EDITORS interviewing "Jazzbo" Collins in 
his "Purple Grotto”. Note interesting decor: Early American Cavern. 


ON. 


tm Y, 2 e S 
D Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


pumping handcar over miles of abandoned subway tracks below N. Y. streets. 


MR. AL “JAZZBO” COLLINS 
N.B.C. Contemporary Music Communicator 
(1-2 P.M. & 5-6 P.M. Daily) 


Fe 


wa wc JN. SAN * 
PICTURE OF "SQUARE" EDITORS entering alley behind N. B. C. building on 
way to "Purple Grotto” for enlightening interview on subject of jazz. 


(BELOW) PICTURE OF “SQUARE” EDITORS in quest of musical education, 


NN "2 


SS - — 
UE *CONTINUEC 


— 
* 


THE BRAHMS WAY HOME... which is same old manatonous route every time. 


JAZZBO: Welcome to the Purple Grotto, Cats: 

US: Mr. Collins, we're from MAD Magazine. 

JAZZBO: Crazy, man! 

US: Ob, is that Jazz talk? 

JAZZBO: No man..that's an opinion! 

US: Mr. Collins, we have a few questions we'd like to 
ask yoti. on the subject of Jazz. 

JAZZBO: Pull up à purple mushroom and fire away, man. 
US: Well, first. we're a little confused about what Jazz 
really is. Could you explain it to us? 

JAZZBO. Well, man..fazz can be likened to the rouce you 
take when you po home from school..or work. Only, instead 
of taking the same road home and passing the same fire 
hydranr and the same stores and the same holes in the road, 
which gets monoronous after a while, yon. Aike. take a difer- 
ent route home...and you go around a side street and you see 
a different house, Now, yon're still un your way home... you're 
going in the general direction..but you're not passing the 
same exact spot at the same exact time every night. See? So 
if you vary the roure every time you go home, it's not a bore 
to yov. And that's what they do to the cheme when rhey play 
Jazz. They take a cune like Stardust or How High The Moon, 
and each musician tries a different route when he plays it. 
US: Jazz is a Rind of musical Utopia, then? 

JA7ZBO: Ir sure is! Thar's it! When a band is swingin’, 
all che musicians are feeling very good as a result. They're 


PANEL OF GUYS, sitting around for twanty years, saying same old thing. 


THE BASIE WAY HOME . . . whare the route is varied so il's not a bore. 


individuals.and yet they're working in a group. And irs 
a guod thing. It alleviates the difficulty of monotony. And 
it's a very democratic way of expressing yourself. 

US: In other words, Jazz is freedom... 

JAZZBO: Yeah.thacs right. Thats why its strictly an 
American art form. And it's done a iot to promote America 
throughout the world. You know? | mean, Dizzy Gillespie 
wenr ro Pakistan... 

US: Do they really appreciate Jazz over there? 

JAZZBO: Oh, yeah..yeah.ahey chink it’s the greatest. Louis 
Armstrong was telling mein Paris!..Oh, man! Aad over in 
Sweden and Denmark and all those countries, they know 
every record and every musician that’s been on American 
records, And rhey re a loc more polize ro Jazz musicians over 
there than they are here. They consider them really artists, 
you know? Over here, everybody's got a real warped idea 
about Jazz musicians! 

US: Then you would say that Jazz... 

JAZZ. BO: In other words, Jazz is literally a variation on a 
theme. Like, if you've been sitting around with a panel af 
guys for twenty or thirty years, and you've all been talking 
abour the same thing over and over, and suddenly one of 
them stands up and says something different about it. You 
say, "WOW! How about zts cac?" You know? Finully, after 
twenty years, somebody gets up and utrers a sem statement! 
And £i everybody! And chats What Charlie Parker did 


FINALLY somebody gets up, utters o new statement, and kills everybody! 
ie 3 : a : — 


pl 


3 ý A" " 
D) Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc." « ^4 


i 


when he created new things with his saxophone. He made 
new statements about subjects that had been discussed so 
much, they were ready to be put back into the ground! 

US: Just exactly what did Mr. Parker do? 

JAZZRO: Well, you'll have ro listen to his records to find 
that out. Man, he was talking in hieroglyphics! Modern hier- 
oglyphics! He took an instrument that everybody thought 
they knew up and down, and he played it like it was some- 
thing different! And that goes for orchestras too, as well as 
musicians. Like rhose Dixieland bands, you know...when they 
first came out of the South? Boy, they were taking those 
instruments, and they were playing something else beside 
what was being heard! 

US: When a Jazz musician takes off on an improvising 
kick, does be ever feel obliged to get back to the melody? 
JAZZBO: Er. , yeah, I think he docs. Of course., you sce, that's 
a question that’s sort of funny, Because a Jazz musician... 
US; Well, do they really care about the melody? 
JAZZBO: Oh, they do care about the melody, man. That's 
the most important thing. And that's the most common falla- 
cy about Jazz. People say, "Where's the melody?" Well, it's 
there! Only you don't recognize it! 

US: Well, is tbat tbe art? To camouflage it? 

JAZZBO: No.it's not camouflaging! It's embellishment! 
US: Like icing on a cake? The cake's still underneath? 
JAZZBO: Yeah! And not only that! It tastes better! 


JUST A COUPLE HOURS LISTENING. ..and you'll understand what's going on. 


DIXIELAND BANDS PLAYED SOMETHING ELSE... beside what was being heard. 


US: Well, would you suy Jazz ts like Creamed Chicken? 
Only you have to have adivining rod to find the chicken? 
JAZZBO: I'll tell you...I’ve heard so many jokes about Jazz 
that I'm weary of them. See? And you guys can say all you 
want, you know, abour the difficulty of finding the theme. But 
I state that it is very easy to find it. It just takes a little listen 
ing. Just a couple of hours. And then you'll understand some 
of the secrets of what's going on! And, boy, when you do, it’s 
better than finding a new Chinese restaurant! 
US: Sounds thrilling. 
JAZZBO: The main idea I'd like to get across is chat Jazz 
musicians. mean, these guys..they have ideas. They like to 
play “way out” ideas, you know. They try to get some new 
sounds..some new creations. Just like a silversmith who 
works with all different materials, you know, and tries ro im- 
prove brass and gold and all that, and tries to make some- 
thing that nobody's ever seen before. That's what they do 
with these instruments. They're building., they te really con- 
structing. They're doing all these real material things in a 
sort of etherial way. 
US: Like an alchemist? 
JAZZBO: Yeah, like an alchemist, That's right! 
US: Purple Gold? Is that what they're making? 
JAZZBO: That's right! Purple Gold! 
US: You're pouring it, you know. 
JAZZBO: Man...well isn't this my grotto? 

CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 


AND WHEN YOU DO . . . it’s better than finding a new Chinese restaurant. 


**A rolling rock gathers no moss 


—Elvis Presley 


HARRISON, THE TASMANIAN OWL, is very hip. He likes the modern school. 


US: Tell us a little bit about your grotto, Mr. Collins. 
JAZZBO: Man..look around you. I can show you a few 
things. There's Harrison over there in the corner. He's liable 
to come over and say a few words. Harrison's the sole surviv- 
ing member of his species...a long-tail Tasmanian Owl. Makes 
a striking appearance there, doesn't he? With his purple 
body..and those orange eyes. He's a fussy eater, Harrison. 
Likes only imported Tasmanian seed, Says regular seed's... 
"for the birds!" Harrison's one very ‘hip’ owl. I mean, he 
likes the modern school of Jazz. Like he's listening to Shorty, 
now, And he likes Jimmy Giuffre and that school., and he 
likes Davy Pell's group., and Shearing..and he's crazy about 
Brubeck, especially Paul Desmond. Man, he's on top of every- 
thing. But when he helps mc pick music for the program, 
he's very democratic about it. He includes everything. 

US: Who's that next to bim? 

JAZZBO: That's Jukes, the chameleon. She's full-grown. 
US: Ob, it's a 'Miss'? We didn't know. 

JAZZBO: Neither did we..till she zold us. Jukes likes to 
run around the turntable when it's going 78 rpm 

US: Aren't those type records practically dead, now? 
JAZZBO: We got enough here. This whole wall's full of em. 
US: W here d she come from? 

JAZZBO: Jukes? Oh...somebody sent her to me in a box that 
was many colored on the inside and silver on the outside. 
It's called a Juke's box. That's it there. She still sleeps in it. 


CLYDE, THE CROW, is very cool, doesn't talk much, ond likes Dixieland. 


a Ae cM /1; 


JUKES, THE CHAMELEON, likes to run around turntable when it goes 78rpm. 


US: Looks like a crazy little palace! 

JAZZBO: Man, its the wildest little pad for a chameleon 
you'd ever want to see. That's Arabian rent material inside. 
Sce? You know, chameleons like to change color..like ics 
good for their circulation? So when she gets in that box, 
man, she has a ball! 

US: Who does Jukes like? 

JAZZBO: She goes for Chick Webb, Coleman Hawkins, 
Choo Berry...Goodman...James...those cats. Strictly swing 
US: Hat's that creature? 

JAZZBO: That's Clyde up there the Crow. He's very ‘cool’ 
He doesn't talk much, 

US; W hat kind of Jazz does be like? 

JAZZBO: He likes mostly Dixieland. Clyde's been with us 
for quite a while. 

US: And who's the Flamingo? 

JAZZBO: Oh, that’s Leah. She comes from..you know... 
down around that Florida race track. Thats where she got 
her name. The customers used to greet her every day, Like... 
they'd say: “Hiya, Leah!” 

US: And what does Leah like in the way of Jazz? 
JAZZBO: She likes..you know..lush cthings...ballads...like 
Skylark..A Nightingale Can Sing The Blues- Flamingo. 
Nice big fat sounds. | mean music to fly by 

US: W hat's that striped thing over there? 

JAZZBO: That? That's a candle, with an inch of purple wax 


LEAH, THE FLAMINGO, likes lush ballads, fat sounds, music to fly by. 
y 5 : 


THE ONLY PICTURE IN THE GROTTO . . . outside of some motorcycle posters. 


and an inch of white wax. Each of those sections burns for 
five minutes. That's che old Egyptian calibrated candle meth- 
od of telling time. Like if you come in here at three o clock. 
and it burns down to the second purple one, then 1 know 
you've been here for fifteen minutes. 

US: That's pretty clever. 

JAZZBO: Yeah..The only problem I have is: how do I 
know when three o'clock was? 

US: W bat else is around tbe grotto? 

JAZZBO: There's that picture on the west wall chere. That's 
Frank Sinatra and me. That's the only picture I have here... 
outside of a couple of motorcycle posters. 

US: Jazzbo, wbat would be your advice to someone wbo 
is broad minded enough to want to start to follow Jazz? 
Who should they listen to? What records should they 
collect? 

JAZZBO: Well, they should get some Count Basie records... 
some Benny Goodman records...some Louie Armstrong rec- 
ords..some Anita O'Day records..Ella Fitzgerald. Art Van 
Dam...Dave Brubeck...George Shearing..some of Mel Tor- 
me's latest stuff., Charlie Parker..Stan Kenton.. Woody Her- 
man...Ruby Braff. Chico Hamilton..Shorty Rogers...and lis- 
ten co those. 

US: What's your advice to someone who brings home 
those records and starts playing them, and Pop or Mom 
starts raising the roof? 


A PERSON THAT TALKS ‘HIP’ SERIOUSLY . well, man, he's a big idiot! 


— 


ASK MOTHER TO EXPLAIN RECORD, ploy it over again, and she's hooked 


JAZZBO: Well. don't think anybody's going to have any 
problem if he brings home the proper records and gets his 
family hooked into listening to them. 

US: How do you do that? Hook the family? 

JAZZBO: Well, you ask your Mother to explain the record. 
Like..you say, "There's something unusual going on here, 
Ma., and I'd wish you'd listen to it,’ And she listens. And she 
says, I here's nothing unusual about that. And you say, Well, 
can't you hear that?..See?' And you play it again. And by 
that cime, man...she’s hooked! 


US: And that's bow you get ber to latch on to Jazz, eb? " 


JAZZBO: Pick up’ is the phrase now. ‘Latch on nobody says 
that anymore. 

US: What are some more of the latest Jazz expressions? 
JAZZBO: They're all pretty much the same like they've 
been. I'll tell you, it’s not so much the expressions as the way 
in which they're said or used. You know? Like most people 
that use ‘hip’ phrases in their conversation do it to get a 
laugh. I mean, they do it just for the fun of it. There aren't 
roo many people who really talk that way seriously and 
don't know it's... you know weird. And I mean, a person that 
talks ‘hip’ seriously...well, man, he's a big idiot! 

US: Well, thank you very much, Mr. Collins. 

JAZZBO: Oh, cuttin’ out, cats? 

US: Thirty, Mr. Collins. 


JAZZBO: Crazy! END 


PICTURE OF ‘HIP’ EDITORS after interview... note look of enlightenment. 


$$ Rome wasn't built in a day 


Sins Lollobrigida 


SOFT-SELL ADVERTISING 


he instantancous success of the Harry and Bert 

Piel commercials on local New York T.V. has 
set Madison Avenue on its proverbial ivy-league 
ear. Charcoal gray-clad account execs up and down 
the street have been forced to sit up on their bar 
stools and take notice. What is now obvious to all 
is that the era of the “hard sell” has come to a 
welcome end, and the era of the “soft sell" has 


Darling, would you mind put- 
ling the butter away for me 


** You can't have your cake and eat it too 
—Betty Crocker 


DEPT. 


begun. No more will T.V. commercials beat you 
over the head! Now they will entertain! 

In this next article, MAD takes a look at the 
handwriting on the T.V. Story Board Wall, realizes 
that, like all good things, the technique of the popu- 
lar Piel’s commercial will be worked to death, and 
predicts that soon viewers will be suffering through 
“soft selling" pitches like the following 


FUTURE 


b Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Thot's the third time this month 
the rope has broken, darling . . 


don't you think it's about time |, 
we bought a new electromatic 
self-defrosting combination 
refrigerator and deep-freeze? 


` 


think its about time we 
ought some new heat-tested, N 
halgomized well rope!! 


O 


— ( W232•‚ 


ae 


i 
UR WELL ROPE 


EN . i " 
SP 7 SIE BILLIE'S 
ROPE MART 


Located on Highway 43-4... 
just one mile South of the S 
M East Hoxsox Traffic Circle. a 
Lorgest Well Rope Outlet 
in the Fast 


M 
Gi 


WAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


PSYCHOLOGY DEPT. 


ya know how every once in a while you stop suddenly in 
the middle of flapping the lower lip, and you wonder 
if maybe you're crazy? Well, you don't have to wonder 
any more. Now you can be sure. Becausc, today, high-priced 
psychiatrists have fool-proof tests which can prove you're 
a fool. Like, f'rinstance, there's the famous Rorschach Test, 
where you look at these interesting ink blots and tell the 
psychiatrist what they look like to you . and then he tells 


Tuo heads are better than one 

—Patience and Prudence 

what you look like to him. The only trouble with that test is 

it costs about forty or fifty dollars. Which brings us to 
the purpose of this next article: 

Now, as a service to those of you who have stopped sud- 
denly in the middle of flapping the lower lip and wondered, 
MAD saves you money, eliminates the middle-man,and allows 
you, in the privacy of your own home, to find out once and for 
all if you're crazy. So don't be chicken. Go ahead. Take 


Directions: These ink blots were scientifically designed 
by a psychiatrist friend of ours who gave up his practice 
after he suffered a nervous breakdown from listening to 


his patients’ constant complaining. Study cach blot for a 
moment and let it suggest something to you. Then see if it 
matches the analysis below each blot, Hey . . 


no cheating! 


this ink blot looks to you like a stork delivering 
twins, then you are obviously emotionally immature, 
since any grown-up knows that storks don't bring babies. 


30 


scious mind indicates that you are a potential alcoholic. 


this ink blot appears to be a bartender loaded with 
two kegs of whiskey, then watch out. Your subcon- 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


PICTURES BY KELLY FREAS 
„ 
tz 


- 

c 

{ 

8 

1 5 
1 this blot resembles a baby on a bear skin rug, then i this blot suggests an American Indian pounding a war 
you are emotionally inhibited. Let yourself go, man! VEN drum, then you obviously have repressed hostilities. 
A babe on a bear skin rug is what you should be seeing! T You'd like to beat up somebody named Tom . . . twice. 


E i E 4D 1 ETE 


*1 
! 
l 


i this ink blot bears a likeness to two swordsmen |— IF this blot looks like a squatting cat, you're definitely 
engaged in an affair of honor, battling to the death, crazy! Not ‘cause you see a squatting cat. You're 
beware! Your reaction shows you have a duel personality. E crazy to spend good money on trash like MAD magazine! 


uow uobg— 
SIPS uspjo9 sXvuj joys 9800F oy) IN VOA sa 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


31 


** he way to a man's heart is through his stomach 


CULTURE D E PT. -lucretia Borgio 


— IT A TIME WHEN the worst disas- 
= = ter in history looms over us, namely 

| TEN, the country’s acceptance of Rock 'n 

I Roll as a legitimate art form, the Editors of 

| MAD have volunteered to combat this dread- 


| ful antagonist with its arch-enemy, namely, 
Culture. And so, beginning with the follow- 


ing informative and educational article (de- 


signed to convert crew-cuts into long hairs), 
MAD embarks upon a program dedicated to 
the task of bringing culture to America's 
youth. For our first cultural subject we have 
chosen the field of Comic Opera. And for a 
cultural look at Comic Opera, we have selected 
a fine example, the story of Mozart's immortal 


DON GIOVANNI 


0 Which is the Italian name for Don Juan f 
v . and the cultural name for “Wolf” 


PICTURES BY WALLACE WOOD 


“ae nin nanna mm mms 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


AP i d | : 
J / 1 


View of culture-lovin 


E opera audience enjay ing one of the 


Accosted by the dashing Giovanni, Donna Anna screams 
vanni and servant, Leporello, gain admittance to home of for help from her father, Don Pedro. But father prefers to 
beautiful Donna Anna, whom the Don plans to seduce. 


keep their name honorable, and instead, draws his sword... 
Comical duel follows between Don Giovanni and Don 


Giovanni's next escapade is an attempt to seduce the 
Pedro, results in the old man being neatly run through and maiden Zerlina on her wedding night. As he carries her off 
killed by the young hero. Isn't that a hilarious turn of events? screaming, the audience screams with laughter. What fun! 


> 4 AN À 5 N : 8 
b Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, inc. 


The wedding guests are furious and demand Giovanni's 
blood, but the Don cleverly manages to escape by changing 
clothes with his innocent servant. That way, poor Leporello 
stands a good chance of getting killed instead, A riot ? 


As Act II begins, we scc the interior of an ornate, Ancient 
Egyptian Temple. Huge elephants and spirited horses pa 
rade across the stage as brassy trumpets blare in a rousing 


WELCOME 


curtain rises on Don Ortavio, fiancé of Donna Anna, whoa 


is daughter of Don Pedro, cousin of Don B. 


INN Soy 


‘LAD Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


weapons he has to slay the guy who seduced his would-be- 
bride. Giovanni proceeds to belt him with would-be-weap- 
ons. What a tragedy this would be if it weren't for laughs! 


triumphal march. The comical part of this scene is the fact 
that somebody backstage goofed and put in the backdrop 
to the third act of Giuseppi Verdi's Aida by mistake. 


Ottavio sings amusing aria of what a joyous day it will 
he when Giovanni is killed. Aria hecomes even more amus- 


ing when curtain falls accidentally and Or « i kill 


1 27213; BT nal 
i b^ — 26 


* 


Two more stagehands are fired, and the curtain goes up 
again, this time on funniest scene of this Comic Opera.. 
when Giovanni and Leporello hide from rest of the blood- 
thirsty cast in a cemetery. Boy, what a funny situation! 


om 
UEM 


Suddenly the statue of the deceased Don Pedro speaks, 
accuses Don Giovanni of his murder, and announces he will 
attend party Giovanni plans for the following evening. 


What's funny here is that he hasn't even been invited .. .! 


Leporello and Don Giovanni upon hearing the statue's 
threat, stumble into the night. Worried look on Giovanni's 
face is not from fear. Worried look on Giovanni's face is 
from concern over where to get suitable date for statue... 


The curtain falls, and the audience howls “Bravo! 


Bravo! Bravo!” until finally the buxom coloratura, a Miss 
Emily Bravo, is coaxed into taking another welcome bow... 


Final scene of Comic Opera takes place at Giovanni's 


party . True to his word, the statue of murdered Don Pedro 
appears at height of the festivities, drags the shrieking Don 
Giovanni to his death in a fiery inferno. Hysterical... ? 


OPERA FANS! 


To fully enjoy tis IK. 
amusing Comic Opera, 
rush down to your fav- 
orite record store and 
ask for the exciting L-F 
album pictured at right. 
You'll be in for even 
more laughs when your 
favorite record dealer 
drops dead from shock! 


—Tommy Manville 


Better to have loved and losi than never to have loved at ail 


=e] tere ADVERTISING DEPT. PART II 


Time for the commercial 
again, gang... so here 
we go with another 
sample Story Board of... 


FUTURE 


Whaddya gonna do? Sleep all 
day? Gonna lose your new job 
like ya' did the last eight? 

Honestly, George, what's wrong 
with you lately? George? 


All right, Harriet, I'll try 
some. But you know darn well 
that ordinary "Drug Store pills“ 


Then why don't you do what 
smart men everywhere are 
doing . . . and take new energy 
packed Vitamex pills with 
Frammistan? They're in the 
medicine cabinet. 


| wish | knew, Harriet. | just 
don't seem to have that ol! 
get-up-and-go like | used to... 


Ons hand washes the other 
BY DON MARTIN Ibs levor Bros, 


Wow, Harriet! | feel great! 
What did you say was the 
name of those pills | justtook? 


n 102 


Sj 


Ringwort's Rat Poison Friends, why don't you try Ring- 
c5 Pills, you idiot... wort's Delayed Action Rat 


Poison Pills... on sale now at 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


**Time is money 


NEGATIVE THINKING DEPT. —Henry R. Luce 


Continuing its campaign of examining and extolling man's progress in his many fields of 
endeavor, MAD now turns its attention to the world of science, specifically to the com- 
plex art of modern photography, and in this next factual article analyzes reasons . . 


WHY 


the precision engineered, highly perfected 


35 mm Camera 


ESCAPE HATCH s STACK OF RARE COINS 


WINDER VIEW FINDER 


SIDE WINDER FINDER FINDER 


REWIND WINDER SHIRI BUTTON 
RANGE.FINDER WINDER CAMERA BUG 
RANGE-FINDER FINDER LENS BUTTON 
RANGE (ELECTRIC) EXHAUST 


LIGHT METER GENUINE LEATHER 


CHANNEL SELECTOR ON SWITCH 
ELECTRIC METER y, 6 — OFF SWITCH 
METER METER LENS SHADE 


DRAIN PLUG ROULETTE WHEEL 


HINGE HANDLE 


TOP WINDER — 7 3 ~ 4 - : TOP PORT 


TOP FINDER BOTTOM PORT 
SIDE FINDER n PORT 
ROTTOM WINDER — Le 
? SAFETY PIN 


SCOTCH TAPE 


SIDE WINDER N 
SS 


SHUTTER LEVER ENUINE IMITATION 


LEATHERETTE 


the simple, unpretentious, primitive 


Box Camera 


PICTURES BY BOB CLARKE 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


38 


MODERN 35mm CAMERA MAKES IT EASY TO GET FINE DETAIL AND HIGH-SPEED 
ACTION SHOTS NEVER BEFORE POSSIBLE WITH OLD-FASHIONED BOX-CAMERA, AS 


— — 


USING OUTMODED box camera, MAD's Seymour Fudd took 
this picture of a farmer and his children seated in a pasture. 
Note stiff, posed attitudes of subjects, lack of action, and 
blurred head of bull grazing contentedly in background. 
Nervous bull moved slightly while picture was being taken. 


ABOVE PICTURE, taken by photographer Fudd, is another 
example of failing of undeveloped box camera, Due to fixed- 
focus lens, close-up shots are impossible, and all Fudd could 
get were dull shots like this one of a Bikini-clad model 


WITH OLD FASHIONED box camera, which has slow shutter 
and therefore does not allow for split-second action shots, 
photographer Fudd was able to do no better than this posed 
picture of the star football player before the big game. 


USING MODERN 35 min camera, MAD's Wally Balloo caught 
this exciting shot of the same farmer and his children. Note 
how movement is stopped, showing subjects in midst of wild 
scramble, Nervous bull, grazing in background, suddenly 
charged wildly, enraged by Balloo's popping flashbulbs. 


HOWEVER, with perfected 35 mm camera, plus portrait at 
tachment, photographer Balloo was able co move in, capture 
amazing close-up-detail shots just like startling picture 
above of the same Bikini-clad model. Interesting, huh? 


WITH HIGH-SPEED shutter of 35 mm camera, photographer 
Balloo was able to do better, with this fantastic shor of 
same football star during game. Unfortunately, split-second 
later, Balloo lost four teeth and suffered a fractured skull. 


NEGATIVE THINKING conrinuco 
Now let’s compare quality of the box camera picture with 35mm camera picture! 


ZAN 


Study actual-size contact print (at left) made 
from film shot with old-fashioned box camera. 
Note that images in picture are strangely fuzzy, 
gray, and lacking in definition. Now compare to 
actugl-size contact print (above), made from film 
shot with modern 35mm camera. Note that images 
in picture are sharp, clear, well-contrasted, and 
mainly impossible to see with the naked eye. 
However, this one drawhack can be quickly reme- 
died. With the use of expensive equipment, en- n 
largement (at righ!) con be produced, equal in à W 
size to box camera print, with images thot are P — — " 
ä — 


strangely fuzzy, gray, and lacking in definition. 


= 
Wally Balloo, MAD photographer, with Seymour Fudd, MAD photographer, with 
equipment used in conjunction with equipment used in conjunction with 
35mm Camera Box Camera 


us P- has, 
A CYD P 


(a) Ever-ready camera case. (b) Tripod. (e) Flash gun (a) Film. (b) Sun. 
(d) Flash bulbs. (e) Exposure meter. (f) Lens cap. 

(g) Filters. (h) Filter adapters. (i) Strobe light. 

(i) Power pack for strobe light. (k) Enlarger. 


TOTAL COST: $1326.45 TOTAL COST: 45¢ 


IN THIS ARTICLE WE HAVE EXAMINED AND EVALUATED REASONS WHY THE 35mm CAMERA 
REPLACED THE BOX CAMERA. NOW FOR US, JUST ONE QUESTION REMAINS UNANSWERED: WHY? 


** Great aches trom little corns grow 
40 —Dr. Scholl 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ORSON BEAN DEPT. 


AC now, thc starry-eyed editors of MAD present Mr. Orson Bean, 
star of stage, screen and T.V. Mr. Bean has appeared on Broad- 
way in John Murray Anderson's "Almanac," and recently co-starred 
with Jayne Mansfield in “Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?” He also 
appeared with Sheree North in the movie "How to be Very Very Pop- 
ular.” Mr. Bean, obviously, has interesting friends. He has performed 
on T.V. many times, including the Ed Sullivan Show, the U.S. Steel 
Hour, the Philco Show, and Kraft Theatre. He was emcee of the Blue 
Angel Show for thirteen weeks, and has made innumerable personal 
appearances at that very fashionable New York supper club. (Why 
Mr. Bean has now foolhardily consented to appear in a lowlife maga- 
zine like MAD is beyond us!) Anyway, as the introductory article of 


a series by Mr. Bean (we hope! ), MAD has asked him to kindly tell MR. ORSON BEAN 
us a little about his storied ancestry. And so, in this article... 


ORSON BEAN OPENS HIS... 


P ^ 


[Ur 
K 


A 


7 ^ 
ü A m 


i ae 


—. 41 
CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE 


PICTURES BY JACK DAVIS 


BRAD Copyright & 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


I come from New England Aside from that, the only other connection with 
music in my family was that my father was a singer 
for a short time 


I played the trombone back in High School, 
because I wanted to impress this girl and 


I couldn't make the football team 
and she could 


„ back in the depression. 

Dad did quite well at it, and became the singing 
favorite of two continents... 

Greenland and Africa. 


Aside from that the only other connec- 
tion with music in my family is my 
cle Ordway who lives in Quincy, Mass He was a mean man, Uncle Ordway...couldn't stand 
1 the only actual connection with to see anyone tap his foot. And the only ACTUAL 
music that Uncle Ordway ever had was connection that Uncle Ordway ever had with music 
the fact that...he hated it. was the time he went to the Boston Symphony and 
threw a hand grenade in the orchestra pit 


ight O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


* v m 


Ine 


THIS SIDE 


yi 


E Nees 


However, a quick-thinking tuba player muffled the 
explosion...and as a matter of fact, it sounded so 
good, they left it in! 


All my relatives come from New Eng- 
land. Uncle Ordway is the father of 
my cousin Gerald, the damn fool who 
almost killed himself last year up at 
Laconia when he went off the ski jump 
on a shovel... 


él 
f YOU ARE 
OMT 


ü AIR [TA 31 PEPKINSMU£, 
MELE Fi VERMONT 


Grandfather Bean is a million laughs 

(I have to laugh!) He always tells a 
Story about a Vermont fella who moved to 
Maine. This fella was a gypsy at heart, 
and the wanderlust got him, so he picked 
up bag and baggage and went to Portland, 
Maine, and got into the fishing industry... 
My grandfather and grandmother Bean live in Per- 

kinsville, Vermont. Perkinsville is just a small 

town, but it's NEAR White River Junction. I just 

wanted to place that for you. 


And, being of a particularly inventive turn of However, the experiment backfired! The 
mind, this fella spent two years trying to fella miscalculated Somewhere along the 
cross a jellyfish with a shad, hoping to wind way and wound up with boney jellyfish... 
up with boneless shad...sort of a natural which was hardly worth the trouble. There's 
fillet! This fella was the Luther Burbank very little call for those up there. 

of the beach. 


Grandfather Bean tells that story 


But it never goes over too big here in the South. Up in 
and that's a story that get's Vermont, Grandfather Bean always used to warn me against 


screams in White River Junction. Southerners. He used to say, "Stay away from Hartford!" 


=) 


em 


ec 
— 


CO C 


— at 
— >< 


oe 
CQ 


—4 — 
Se Se oe cs $$ 


My people have always come from up around New Eng- 
land. 'Way back in 1630 I had a relative with the 
Massachusetts Bay Company and I have often read 
his memoirs about how the early settlers would sit 
around the campfires after a hard day cleaning out 
the trees and the rocks and rills and wild Indians 


Back in early Salem when Cotton Mather was 
hunting witches, his chief opposition was an 
ancestor of mine, the great liberal, Hesita 
tion Bean. It wasn't that Hesitation didn't 
believe in witches...he admitted that most of 
them probably WERE witches. He just didn't 
like Cotton Mather. 


and all, and sing dirty 


rie 


folk songs: And THAT'S 


your Massachusetts Bay Company. And always, off in 

the bushes, the wild Indians would sit (not having 

been cleared), and the wild Indians would listen to 
the folk songs and shake their heads and say, 


"Well, it's nice music, 


WFOCECN NON SRENYR ARENA NAS O8 OS ARES CHRON Y 


je N#NYNEN NAN ²˙ AA 


but you can't dance to it 


* 


Eh CANE v NN NRPS REMMI 


I had a great-great-great-great-grandfather 
by the name of Ezekial Bean who lived in Cam- 
bridge, Massachusetts at the time of the 


American Revolution. He 


owned a small tavern 


and bar there in Harvard Square, near the 


tree, and did quite wall 


— m 
Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Still ore 


He did quite well with the tavern, and many of the celebri- 
In fact he became the foremost ties of the Revolutionary period used to drop in there. 
bartender of the American Revolu- George and Martha Washington used to come in and have a nip 
tion. Ezekial Bean POURED the shot when George was off. George with the wooden teeth and all. 
heard round the world. a fact Mr. and Mrs. John Hancock used to frequent the place, John 
which has been surpressed up to Quincy Adams, Paul Revere, the Daws boys, Conrad Nagel. 
now by the D.A.R. and a host of revolutionaries. 


25 
Li 
2 
2 
= 
25 


i 
i 


Ezekial Bean almost lost the Revolu- Later that same day, on Bunker Hill, General Prescott 
tion for us when he invited the British said, "Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes!" 
in for a drink. ..and they didn't have any! 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


7777 


—.— 


F 


FR aR e te 


SRR te OSE e En So 


It was powerful stuff 


he served there. He Word of this delicious nectar 


Anyway, they BOTH staggered 
brewed it himself in Somehow, 


into the House of Lords, 
and that's how word was 
sent to Cornwallis to 


Surrendor 


leaked back to England, 

back of the bar and and legend has it that George 

called it Uld Patri- the III got hold of a fifth... 
or was it the other way around? 


VAVI UN UNS NUNNSNSNUS nanne CODN aX 


8 


J 


Td 


( 


XS S XCYXCY 


— < T 
2982 


N 


f$ — SSSA 
DANAN AAN er erc ect vrnececscececg ecce cer s 


With the war over, Ezekial returned to 
his tavern in Cambridge and his faith- 

Ezekial, who had joined up in the fighting toward the end ful wife, Hope...but he never really 
of the Revolution (when it looked like it was in the bag), liked the woman, so he had eighteen 
was personal aide to Washington at the time, and whon children and tried to lose himself in 
Cornwallis met with the good general at Yorktown Heights the crowd, 
and offered him his sword, Ezekial, standing nearby, 
exhaled and melted it. 


b Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


Due to thousands of requests (from the artist’s wife), here are some more... 


MAD GREETING CARDS 


ON YOUR APPOINTMENT AS 
MOSQUITO-CONTROL 
COMMISSIONER 


A Bon Bon Voyage! E Congratulations! 


You always were good at spreading the old oil! 


I'm Sad That You're Moving! 


You never struck me as continental, 

And now I'm convinced your case is mental. 

You could have picked Paris, and seen Pigalle, 

But, no, you insult dear old Rand McNally! 

You could have picked Rome or the Island of Yap 

Instead, you're off to Disneyland .. . which ain't on the map! © 


For alas, alas, alackaday 
You're only moving a block away! 


Cougratulatious! 
ON YOUR APPOINTMENT AS 
COLLECTOR OF 


SURPLUS COMMODITIES 


Did you hoot, did you holler, flap your arms like a bird. 
When, by kite to your perch, they sent the good word 
That from the one you had fled, no more would be heard? 


When from the ranks of the living. your Mother-in-law passed, 
Did you shout hallelujah, come down to earth last? 
No! You showed your respect... lowered yourself to half-mast. So you're finally on top of the heap! 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


REAL ADVERTISEMENT 


A New Kind of Bargain Offer to 


i PUBLISHERS POITO 


WORTH $8.5 
( 


in PUBLISHERS (oro 


MARY ROBERTS RINEHART'S MYSTERY BOOK. 
Three top murder classics in one huge book: the 
eene Circular Sturcase, the nerve-jangling Man 
in Lower Ten, and the famous unguessable Case 
of Jennie Brice. Publisher's edition $3.50. 


A TREASURY OF SHERLOCK HOLMES by Sir 
Arthur Conan Doyle. This 630 page volume con- 
tains TWO complete novels—the strange, un- 
nerving Hound of the Baskervilles and A Study 
in Scarlet —PLUS 27 short story masterpieces 
about the world's most famous detective. Pub 


ed. $2.95. 


SUDDENLY A WIDOW by George Harmon Coxe 
The note outside her husband's hedroom said: 
"When you open the door . I WILL BE 
DEAD." But the police say he was KILLED! 
And the note accused his wife of every misbe- 
havior . . . including MURDER! Pub. ed. $2.75. 


FULL HOUSE by Rex Stout. Five terrific Nero 
Wolfe puzzlers: The League of Frightened Men, 
And Be A Villain, The Gun With Wings, Bullet 
For One and Disguise For Murder! Pub, ed, $3.50. 


WRIGHTSVILLE MURDERS by Ellery Queen 
Elderly Diederich Van Horn took Sally from 
the siums, into his wealthy home. He married 
her his adopted son fell in love with her 
„ and then MURDER stepped in! This extra- 
ordinary book, Ten Days Wonder . . is just 
one of three full-length masterpieces (including 
Calamity Town and The Murderer Is a Fox) 
ALL in this volume! 576 pages, Pub. ed. $3.95 


THE BASLE EXPRESS by Manning Coles A 
fanatic killer murders . . . the WRONG man! 
The RIGHT man will be next! Excitedly, you 
turn on the 'wrong" man's tape recorder ond 
discover that the "right" man is . yourself! 
Pub. ed. $2.75. 

HICKORY DICKORY DEATH by Agatha Christie. 
A peculiar cnme wave at a fashionable school. 
A pretty, young co-ed finally confesses her guilt 
to Hercule Poirot. And she’s promptly MUR. 

ERED in her bed! Publisher's edition $3.00. 


MYSTERY READERS , 
GIANT 
VOLUMES 


. — 31 N 


NOVELS .. 


2 
ce? 


0 


SS XT 378VU FAL 


UST IMAGINE getting all these books—a huge 

mystery "library" containing forty-three com- 
plete novels, novelettes and stories by world- 
famous authors—ALL for just ONE DOLLAR! 
Included are FOUR GIANT VOLUMES packed 
with dozens of breathtaking mystery master 
pieces . . . PLUS three pulse-tingline new mys- 
tery novels. each a current best-seller! Total 
value in publishers’ editions: $22.40! 

This package of books—the biggest dollar's 
worth in publishing history—is yours at once 
with membership in the Dollar Mystery Guild. 
You don't even have to send your dollar in 
advance! 

The Mystery Guild offers you many other ad» 
vantages, too: Each month the editorial board 
Selects two top-notch new books-—often by fa- 
mous authors like Ellery Queen, Agatha Christie, 
Mary Roberts Rinehart and Rex Stout. These are 
described to members well IN ADVANCE. If 
vou would like to receive the book, you let it 
tome, post paid. If vou don't want a book, 
simply tell the Club. It will not be sent. 

These hrand new mysteries sell for $2.50 to 
$3.50 in publishers’ editions. But members pay 
only ONE DOLLAR each (plus small shipping 
charge) for their hard-bound, large sized volumes! 
(You pay only after vou examine your selec- 
tions.) Occasionally you will also have the oppor- 
tunity to take an extra-value, optional selection 
at $1.49. But you buy only the books you want 
—aos few as four selections a year if you wish— 
aud build a fine library almost for pennies, 

No wonder so many people consider DOLLAR 
MYSTERY GUILD membership the greatest 
value in the world of books! And, if you send the 
<oupon now vou Ket tne SEVEN new boogks— 
forty-three great mysteries——for ONF. DOLLAR 
us a membership bonus! Mail the coupon today. 


y Auna ALOYU fs 


Wey, 


7 


WHEN YOU JOIN THE DOLLAR MYSTERY 
GUILD AND AGREE TO ACCEPT AS FEW 


AS FOUR NEW MYSTERIES 


(AT ONLY 


$1 EACH) DURING THE COMING YEAR 


S——ͤ— 2 ——— ́ —— m mt 


ITHE DOLLAR MYSTERY GUILD 
| Dept. MAD-2, Garden City, New York 


1 Please enroll me in the Dollar Mystery Guild and 

rush me ALL these new books worth $22.40 in 
WB publishers’ editions. Later, I'll send only $1 (plus 
shipping) for the entire 7 book membership enroll 
ment package. 


MEMBERSHIP BONUS—4 GIANT VOLUMES 
PLUS 3 FULL-SIZED NOVELS—ALL FOR $1 
A TREASURY OF SHERLOCK HOLMES *WRICHTSVILLE 


MURDERS * FULL HOUSE + THE BASLE EXPRESS 
MARY ROBERTS RINEHART'S MYSTERY BOOK 
HICKORY DICKORY DEATH * SUDDENLY A WIDOW 


1 New book bargains will be described to me each 
month in the Guild's advance bulletin "Mystery 
$ Guild Clucs," Whenever I don't want a book I 
8 will notifv vou, and it won't be sent. T pay nothing 
except $1 for each selection I accept, plus a few 
cents for shipping (unless I choose an extra- 
t value selection), I need take only four selections. 
1! NO-RISK GUARANTEE: If not delighted, | can 
return books in 7 days and membership will be 
1 cancelled. 


L 

1 
„ 
H (please print) 

PDD EEP ER y UU $ 
LI 

' 

a CITY ZONE STATE 

l (Same offer In Canada, address Dollar Mystery Guild, 105 
6 Bond St., Torome 2, Ont. Good oniy in continental ,. A. 
$4 Canada.) 

— UU —U—ä n’ — rT) 


ND Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. 


————————————————————————Ámdi 


TORN FROM MAD 


BOB CLARKE 


