LageantiMoms + Planet Tad + 2019 Pull Out Calendar 


A ^ Ке 


| 4 4 


j с ғ 7: £^ 
We Spoof “= | Л - gu V 
All 5 Stupid Movies А “ 


д, eS 
| BN nus 

a] у МА 3 N 

. | ` 


in ] Stupid Issue! 


#518 DECEMBER 2012 $5.99 CHEAP! 
0 7&&70 33230 ( 


Ë 
ü 4 “- 117 
s MASTERS OF MAYHEM 


é [ 
› №; DANGER 


WA 


г аи < 


а m 
UP" — 
L^ 
— « 
p" Е 
gt = 
UTR - 
De “ч 
% IENA ` 
Т d hy 
^ 
накна ар 


INTERNATIONAL 


Y 


MUSEUM 


WASHINGTON DC 


Spy vs. Spy аге тм + © Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


For Spy vs. Spy™ gear, gifts and more visit STORE 


оғы ААА АЗ 


- : ұза 
АА aX vit 
Ya karya alc о 


For most 
people, being 
reflective means 
spending hours 
in front of 


NUMBER 518 


Departments DECEMBER 2012 


IT'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


2 LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


14 THERE'S А BLOODSUCKER BORN EVERY MINUTE DEPARTMENT 
"The Toilet Saga" (А MAD Movie Satire) 


20 MINSTREL CRAMPS DEPARTMENT 
MAD Examines Common Lute Injuries 


22 THERE'S АМ APATHY FOR THAT DEPARTMENT 
Are You an Activist or a Slacktivist? 


24 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at College 


28 IN ONE YEAR AND OUT THE OTHER DEPARTMENT 
The MAD 2013 Calendar: The Year of the Hammerhead 


30 ALEN NOTION DEPARTMENT 
Is Barack Obama а Real American? 


3 JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 


pou X AM , x < At DEPARTMENT 

i IN BL 

wh SIDE MYSELF: 34 Planet Tad!!!!! 

5 а) \ 38 ROTTEN To THE ENCORE DEPARTMENT 
/ JB The MAD Vault 


Д2 THE MEASURES OF TIARA MADRES DEPARTMENT 
You're a Great Pageant Mom If... 


THE BRANDWRITING IS ON THE WALL DEPARTMENT 
Trademark Graffiti 


Д7 РЕМ AND STINK DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Strip Club 


51 WHATEVER FLOATS YOUR VOTE DEPARTMENT 
Newspapers Weigh in on This Year’s 
Least Important Ballot Propositions 


БД, HOOK, LINEUP & STINKERS DEPARTMENT 
New Shows on the All-Pirate Network 


56 OUR DAILY DREAD DEPARTMENT 
The Best of The Idiotical 


ALL JAFFEE DEPARTMENT 
Another Ridiculous MAD Fold-In 
..Inside Back Cover 
SMOKE GETS IN THEIR LIES DEPARTMENT 
American Sputum (A MAD Ad Parody) 

3 ...ВасК Cover 

>? MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 


5” "Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 
..Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
O copyright 2012 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, Р.О. Box 8537 Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A 


Letters and 


Tomatoes 


MAD FAN OF THE MONTH 


Hey, Поуе Spy vs. Spy — it's my #1. Everyone calls me The King of 
Spies. I decided to show you some things I have. I play the Spy vs. Spy 


app, watch Spy vs. Spy almost 
every day on YouTube, draw 
comics every day and watch 
MAD. Spy vs. Spy rules! 

I hope you print my letter. 
It's my dream. 


Peter Clyde Georgatos 
Long Island, NY 


Easy Clyder — You're The King 
of Spies?!? But that's impossible! 
MAD Senior Editor Joe Raiola 
already considers himself the 
King of Spies! And there can 
only be one! This can be settled 
one way and one way only — 
COMBAT! So grab your oversized 
white fedora and giant mouse- 
trap, bring it to our offices, and 
let the carnage begin! If there's 
ever a...look out, Peter! He's right 
behind you! RAIOLA! —Ed. 


We've always thought that Tom Richmond was pretty great — so we were 
pleasantly surprised to learn that other people actually feel the same way! 
This year at the National Cartoonist Society's 66th Annual Reuben Awards, 
Tom took home the award for "Outstanding Cartoonist of the Year" — 
the highest award that can be given to a professional cartoonist. It's a 
pretty outstanding honor (seriously, it says so right in the award's title)! 
Congratulations, Tom — we'll fondly remember you, should you decide to 


stop slumming it with us! 


L-R: longtime MAD editor Nick Meglin, previous Reuben winners Al Jaffee, Jack Davis, 
Sergio Aragonés, Tom Richmond and MAD Art Director Sam Viviano in a decadent 
display of conspicuous consumption from the one-percenters! 


Photo by David Folkman 


DRAWING'S ATTENTION 


And let me just say that I am a HUGE fan of your magazine 
and TV show. One reason I wanted to write to you is I 
thought of a new section you could add: Useless Super- 
powers. I thought of the idea when I bought rubber swim 
boots from my neighbor's yard sale. I felt like wearing 
them, so I wore them to the store. I noticed the floor was 
cold, so I thought a useless superpower could be being able 
to tell the temperature of the floor. I also included a comic 
I thought of because my mom is always saying this. 


Henry Childs - Roanoke, VA 
Regarding Henry — We can't really help you with your sensitive 
soles, but we did like your comic! Unfortunately, we didn't like it 


so much that we wouldn't ruin it by letting one of our cartoonists 
illustrate it! Take it away, Jacob Lambert! —Ed. 


Hey Мом, CAN You 


SIGH 


P.S. — Good luck trying to eat 
that ketchup! 


OH DEER! 


This is “Sweetie.” I know he’s 
not a celebrity in the Hollywood sense, but he sure is a 
star in my neighborhood. He'll be two years old this fall 
and already has questionable reading habits. His favorite 
parts are the "Drawn Out Dramas" and the Fold-In. 


David Schroeder • Eau Claire, WI 


The Schroed Less Travelled — We're surprised Sweetie doesn't 
enjoy some of our other features, such as A MAD Look at Salt Licks, 
the Fawn-Doe-lini Pages and Snappy Antlers to Stupid Questions! 
Now, if you'll excuse us, we've got to go decontaminate the office 
— your envelope was teeming with deer ticks! —Ed. 


SUDSCRIDE TO MAD 


AND OWN A PIECE а = 
OF MAD HISTORY! (> 


OFFERED FOR THE FIRST I 
TIME IN 44 YEARS! | 


v Not 
In 1964 and again in 1968, MAD offered O TE actual size, Duh; 
an "Alfred E. Neuman for President” kit D 


including this metal Lapel Tab. 


Made in the USA (That ALONE makes 
it rare!), we are now offering an 
authentic Lapel Tab from the original 
1964-68 batch — these are NOT 
replicas — with each paid two-year 
subscription to MAD. 


Its classic styling and sturdy one-piece 
metallic construction will set you apart 
from those who wear flag pins day 
in and day out. Wear it proudly to your 
exclusive country club, labor union 
meeting hall, or just to a tea party! 


FINALLY, 


SOMETHING Subscribe to MAD 


for two years and receive one of these rare and 
sought-after Lapel Tabs with your paid subscription. 


CAN AGREE ON! Forget the 99%, forget the 1% — proudly show you are a member of the 0% — 


those who support Alfred E. Neuman for the highest office in the land! 


These are the same Lapel Tabs that have been selling for record-setting prices 
in online auctions (record-setting for Lapel Tabs, that is), and are considered 
so valuable you may want to keep yours in an offshore safe deposit box! 


Order now! There is a limited supply of these 
authentic Lapel Tabs, and once they are gone, 
so is this offer! (No kidding!) 


Or call 1-800-4-MADMAG (1-300-462-3624) 


2 years of MAD (12 issues) plus the Lapel Tab for only $29.99 


($19.99 for a 1-year, 6-issue subscription but you won't get the Lapel Tab! 
Don't be a tightwad, go for the 2-year subscription!!!) 


Lapel Tab offer good for U.S. cu: Canadian or foreign orders ассе this offer. Please note: If this is a gift 


subscription, the Lapel Tab will be r unless you specify that you wish to have it sent to you. KEY CODE: AXIMDLP 


PRIMARY SELECTIONS 


In issue #517, the article on Romney's campaign trail did not include 
any of the U.S. territories which do participate in the primaries. 


Moon Rivera — As a New York State resident, we can understand how you'd 
be concerned about us leaving out the territories. Who can ignore such political 
hotbeds as Guam, The Johnston Atoll and Kingman Reef? After all, you 
know what they always say: "As goes Bajo Nuevo Bank, so goes the nation." 
However — and this is a minor point, we realize — the title of the article was: 
“How Mitt Romney Plans to Win Every STATE" (emphasis ours). Careful readers 
will note that we don't mention territories anywhere in the title. So, you 
know, maybe stop writing these rabble-rousing love letters to the Northern 
Mariana Islands and brush up on the ol' reading comprehension, eh? See you 
in the voting booth! —Ed. 


CELEBRITY SNAPS 


A huge thanks to Amelia Margolis for grabbing this shot of superstar stand- 
up and star of Louie, Louis C.K.! Awesome job! (But next time, maybe try 
using your camera's "Red Hair Reduction" feature!) Great news — since 
Louis С.К. is on our “Nifty Fifty" list, Amelia gets a limited-edition Batman 
statue by Sergio Aragonés and a TWO-year subscription instead of the 
normal one-year sub for Celebrity Snaps! 


Let that be a reminder to all of you — if you have a picture of a celebrity 
with MAD, send it our way and let the prizes and accolades roll in! 


MAKE A DUMB WISH FOUNDATION™ 


My name is Eric, I’m 11, and I love your magazine. I especially like 
John Caldwell's work. Could you make a John Caldwell collection? 
That's my dumb wish. Thanks for your consideration. 


Cruel to be Klein — Here at the Make A Dumb Wish Foundation", we hear 

a LOT of dumb wishes (it sort of goes with the territory) — but as dumb 
wishes go, this one may just take the cake! A book made up entirely of John 
Caldwell pieces? Why would you do that to the world?!? Unfortunately, we 
just can't bring ourselves to grant your wish. But we're not totally heartless! 
In this very issue, we're including a John Caldwell-themed 2013 calendar! (A 
Caldwellendar, if you will.) Enjoy! —Ed. 


EMPLOYEES 
OF THE MONTHS 


We'd like to give а huge thanks to the 2012 MAD Summer In- 
terns. You may know them as Jason Kushner, Nate Chastain, 
Lance Wildorf, and Kareem Taftaf — but your guess is as 
good as ours, since we never bother to learn the names of our 
interns! Still, thank you, guys! We'll always remember you 
as being dedicated, hard-working and energetic. Truly, you 
showed that there is no "I" in "Team." But there are several in 
“Minimum Wage Internship." And for that, we thank you! 


Kareem 


THERE'S NO SHAME IN DYING 


Your magazine is my most favorite thing to read. I also 
watch your TV show on Cartoon Network (though my 
stepdad greatly disapproves). So my birth dad buys me 
your magazine. (Which I greatly approve of!) I enjoy Spy 
vs. Spy, movie and TV spoofs and satires, and Sergio Ara- 
gonés' work. I am only 11, but I would still like to collect 
as many MAD magazines as I can before I die. As I say, 
"If I must die, may I be holding MAD magazine as I do!" 


Tinker Taeler Soldier Spy — Wait...what? You have a "saying" 
about how you'd like to die?!? You're 11! You should be sneaking 
into R-rated movies and making prank calls — not taking hard 
stances on the conditions of your death! Kids today! We're hav- 
ing trouble even thinking of how you could die with a MAD in 
your hands! Unless you were a MAD editor who finally collapsed 
after reading one too many morbid letters...The point is, 
you need to stay with us, Taelar (we don't have that 
many readers). —Ed. 


A 


ніс! 


The ultimate collection of 
МАШ»? most idiotic material! 


Celebrating 60 years of high quality humor and stupidity. MAD’s legendary 
artists and writers have brilliantly satirized politics, celebrities, sports, media, 


cultural trends, and more. 


Includes such favorites as: 
Ш Spy vs. Spy 
E AlJaffees MAD Fold-in 
W Sergio Aragonés A MAD Look At... 
Ш David Bergs The Lighter Side of... 
Ш Outrageous artwork of 
Don Martin and Tom Bunk 
Ш Movie and TV satires by 


® 
| Mort Drucker, Jack Davis and 
60 9 Tom Richmond 
| № The MAD Strip Club 


Е The Fundalini Pages 
i ç Ш And much more 


м Humor, ° Absolutely everyone should buy this book. 
"- à Satire No exceptions will be tolerated! 
1 : 3 


Stupidity 
„апа 
Stupidity 


Есін кес: рды 


PATTERSON 


wile Sout of MAD" SPECIAL BONUS! 
]2 Removable Classic MAD Cover Pt (Yes, in this book, Einstein!) “The Soul of MAD? 
12 classic cover prints, ten featuring Alfred E. 
Neuman, MADS gap-toothed grinning idiot 
mascot. These beautiful cheap reproductions are 
suitable for framing or wrapping fish. 


On sale October 30. Order today at your favorite online retailer. 


HOME ENTERTAINMENT 


TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. © 2012 Time Home Entertainment Inc. TM and © E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


STAFF INFECTION 


Тат a 13-year-old Boy Scout and I am interested in your magazine 
length. For a magazine that only has one issue every two months, 
don't you think that it should be longer? My other favorite magazine, 
Game Informer, can be up to TWICE the size and they have a new issue 
every month! I love your magazine, and the primary reason that I am 
writing this is not to give you a hard time, but to improve your maga- 
zine. I know how hard your staff must work to produce such excellent 
material, so I might suggest hiring even more staff. I know that this 
will cost more, but a magazine that has more material will sell more 
copies, therefore making you more money. 


Nathan Stafford - Sherwood, OR 


Joint Chiefs of Stafford — We were taken by your proposal, and invigorated 
by the challenging comparison to Game Informer — it's also one of our 
favorites (after Dirt Wheels, of course). However, you lost us around the time 
you referred to our "hard work" and "excellent material." This observation 
(along with the rest of your malformed ramblings) clearly proves 

that you have no idea what you're talking about. 
Thanks for reading — see ya in 60 days! —Ed. 


PLETE AND 
ANNOTATED 


ADMINISTRATION 

Diane Nelson President 

Dan DiDio and Jim Lee Co-Publishers 
Geoff Johns Chief Creative Officer 


John Rood Executive VP — Sales, 
Marketing and Business Development 


Amy Genkins Senior VP — Business and 
Legal Affairs 


Nairi Gardiner Senior VP — Finance 
Jeff Boison VP — Publishing Operations 
John Cunningham VP — Marketing 


Terri Cunningham VP — Talent Relations 
and Services 


Anne DePies VP — Strategy Planning and 
Reporting 
Amit Desai Senior VP — Franchise Management 


William Gaines Founder 
John Ficarra Editor 


EDITORIAL 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Editors 
Dave Croatto, Jacob Lambert Associate Editors 


ART DEPARTMENT 
Sam Viviano Art Director 


Ryan Flanders Assistant Art Director 
Doug Thomson Production Artist 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


NOT-SO-SUPER MODEL 


After years of waiting for Revell Models to issue a version 
of your zeppelin, I decided to kit-bash one for myself. Here 
are some pictures of the results. I hope you find my dedi- 
cation and hard work worthy of being published, as I am in 
desperate need of some recognition in my life. 


John Folansbee + Windsor, СА 


Alison Gill Senior VP — Manufacturing 
and Operations 


Bob Harras VP — Editor in Chief 
Jason James VP - Interactive Marketing 
Hank Kanalz Senior VP — Digital 


Jay Kogan VP — Business and Legal 
Affairs, Publishing 


Jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs, Talent 


Nick Napolitano VP — Manufacturing 
Administration 


Rich Palermo VP — Business Affairs, Media 
Sue Pohja VP — Book Sales 

Courtney Simmons Senior VP — Publicity 
Bob Wayne Senior VP — Sales 


P.S. — It flies, appropriately, over my toilet — 
which is where I read your magazine! 


Folansbee in our Bonnet — That's pretty impressive. All we have 
in the MAD bathroom is a VERY over taxed Air Wick! Seriously, 
there are days when that thing is under more duress than a space 
shuttle re-entering Earth's atmosphere! What were we saying? 
Oh yeah, your awesome Zeppelin! Thanks 
for sharing — and happy pooping! —Ed. 


READER ALERT 


If you were lucky enough to have your letter printed in this very issue...oh brother, 
are you in for some sweet ol' times, just like grandpappy used to tell you about! You'll 
be getting a Blu-ray Combo Pack of both E.T. AND Snow White and the Huntsman: 
Extended Edition, courtesy of our chums at Universal Studios Home Entertainment, 
an Alfred E. Neuman Undercover T-shirt from our sneaky pals at the International 
Spy Museum in Washington, DC. (go to www.spymuseumstore.org for even more 
MAD products!), Monty Python's Flying Circus: Complete and Annotated...All the 
Bits from our amigos at Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers and Bop It! Smash from our 
buds at Hasbro Gaming! What a haul! What are you waiting for? Send in them letters! 


MAD 7£519 is on sale December 18! 


FOR SUBSCRIPTION QUESTIONS: 

Go to the MAD website! All you need is your name 
and zip code to renew, change your address, give a gift 
subscription, check your account balance and expiration 
dates or to request a missing issue. Just go to www. 
madmagazine.com or call 1-800-4MADMAG (U.S. and 
Canada only) or write to Р.О. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 
75755-8537! Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail 
our New York office — we're too dumb to help you here! 
HOW TO REACH US: 

MAD, Dept. 518, 1700 Broadway New York, NY, 10019. 
Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com! 

MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope! 
MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 

Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 

VISIT OUR WEB SITE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


SUBSCRIBERS 
TO THE 

— PRINT EDITION 
) OF MAD GET 
(371509 № 8 
SUBSCRIPTION № ea y rs 

AUTOMATICALLY /Аф 


Or get the digital-only subscription to MAD => ) 5 N 
(6 issues) for only $9.99 (Cheap!) 0 “А. 
(Just follow the instructions in the арр.) бж 
ISSUE... c 
EVERY NEW 0D HAS: 
| 


or MAD 


ЕЈ 
Н 
nto 


*Simply slide yı 
и wasio 
| All 5 Stupid Movies 


in ] Stupid Issue! 


LOAD YOUR 
uu PAD MAD APP 


NOW. 


тне FUNDALINI PaGes 


‚ Fundalini Asks... 


D ШІ ҮЗЕ HANDY ELECTION-YEAR GLOSSARY 6) T 199 Gimme а Flake | WHAT IF THE 
бұ qM | LETTER "L" | 
a ж TERM ; DIDN'T EXIST? 
9 Media | Most of talk radio Most of Hollywood * There would need to be 
| | Monopoly | anda cable channel anda cable ош another hand/face gesture 
a W Ж | Doone respects по опер, to indicate that a person is 
S à; ; What takes place В š ` ° каш эк would never get 
Z Election coded ur | Mum | her star on the Hoywood Wak of Fame 
^ | 


awinatthepolls | than usual * Castaways on desert islands would only have to spell out "HEP" 


with rocks 


Getting 10% of what Getting 90% of what 
Acceptable was requested and was requested and still 


| ° Unaffected, bumper stickers for Obama/Biden and Romney/Ryan 
Compromise feeling a sense of relief being petulant 


l 
| 
| would pack the same punch 
| 
| 
| 
| 


* The other sponsors would have to pitch in, but Sesame Street would 


ring as ; 
Telling voters Pouring manage to survive 


they're idiots if much PAC money y “Look, | know I'm your Sponsor, but if you keep | 
they fall for as possible into =: OF Calling while the game is on Im just gonna Jet you drink” | ө The New York Times crossword would have to stop relying on “oleo” 


campaign ads | campaign ads in every damned one of its puzzles К 
Writer and Artist: Emily Flake Writer: Jeff Kruse 


Writer: Jeff Kruse — Artist: Ward Sutton 


Celebrity Cause-of-Death Betting Odds Horrifying Political Clichés 
LOUIS C.K. 


* Breaks his neck after tumbling down the Comedy Cellar steps...3:1 


Fascinating Facts 
About the Human Body 


| * Murdered in sleep by daughters who were fed up with 

The brain is him publicly humiliating them night after night.................... 5:1 
roughly the size of ç НЄ 
а grapefruit and, * Hangs self when he realizes eleven million people 


with somesugar | | still prefer Two and a Half Men to Louie.... 26:1 


sprinkled on top, | | 
tastes remarkably * Terminal exhaustion when he tries to expand his wardrobe 


Forensic 
investigators 
have found that 
spleens leave 
distinct prints, 
though it has to be 
a very specific 


similar 


beyond the same black t-shirt and ratty pair of jeans........... 10:1 


* Stabbed trying to cut out another corporate middle man 
by selling bootleg Louie DVDs in the wrong part of town......Even 


Қ The heart - 
type of crime pumps enough © E 
blood to supply м - 
three full-length @ е т © 
Wes Craven : = Жо S Q о фо 50, о} © » 
films o*X oz ME 7% 


The so-called 
large intestine 
is much shorter 
than the small 
intestine, but 
no one knows 
who screwed 
up the naming 


We managed to 
make it through 
this entire list 
without a 
sophomoric 
penis reference, 
until just now 


Writer: Nick Meglin 
Artist: Paul Coker 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artist: Bob Staake 


Distancing Himself from a Remark Changing a Narrative 


Artist: Rick Tulka 


тне FUNDALINI PAGES 


WHAT ARE 
THOSE 
QR CODES 
REALLY? 


I GET NO 
RESPECT! I ASKEU 
DONALD TRUMP FOR AN 
ENDORSEMENT — HE TOLD 
ME HOW MUCH HE LIKES 
DIET COKE! 


LEMME TELL 
YA - MY WIFE IS 
OBSESSED WITH HORSES. 
OBSESSED! AFTER I WON 
THE NOMINATION, 
SHE GAVE ME A 
SUGAR CUBE! 


PEOPLE SAY 
I'M OUT OF TOUCH. 
I GOT SO MAD WHEN I 
HEARD THAT, I HAD MY 
BUTLER FIRE MY PRESS I HAVE 
SECRETARY! A HOUSE THAT 
GIVES ME NOTHIN’ 
BUT TROUBLE. THE OTHER 
DAY I WAS IN MY CAR 
ELEVATOR AND THE j 


MY WIFE'S WET BAR STOPPED Blueprints for 
HORSE — IT'S WORKING! an ant farm 
GONNA РИТ ME IN THE 


POOR HOUSE. YOU HAVE 
NO IDEA HOW MUCH 
CAVIAR THAT THING 
EATS! 
PEOPLE SAY 
I HAVE IT EASY. 
I WAS BORN WITH A 
SILVER SPOON IN МУ 
MOUTH. YEAH, BUT 
SOMEBODY HAD TO 
POLISH IT! 
I GET NO 
RESPECT. HERMAN 
CAIN TOLD ME IF I LOSE IN 
NOVEMBER, HE'S ALWAYS 
LOOKIN’ FOR GUYS LIKE 
ME — 70 DELIVER 
PIZZAS! 


Space Invader 
in disguise 


NO RESPECT — 
EVEN FROM MY DOCTOR! 
I HAD LARYNGITIS. HE SAID, 
"GREAT! YOU STAYIN’ 
QUIET 16 THE ONLY WAY 
YOU CAN WIN THE 
ELECTION!" 


Artist 
Sam Sisco 


Be environmentally responsible: T.P. houses with recycled toilet paper 


Women should not feel pressured to wear skimpy costumes to Halloween parties. 
Skimpy non-themed clothing is perfectly acceptable 


Since it’s been over a year, it’s no longer “too soon” to break out the 
Kadhaffi mask 


When stealing jack-o-lanterns, always remember to douse the flame first 
It doesn’t have to be Earth Day for you to care about the planet: | 
"recycle" any candy you still have left over from last Valentine's Day 

and Easter into trick-or-treat bags 

After you've gotten your candy and the owners are back in the 

house, be sure to "accidentally" knock over any political 

lawn signs you don't agree with 


If you're advertising a product or service, be sure to describe 
it as "spooktacular." That always cracks everyone up 


Spread holiday joy to lonely people who have no one to 


3 Ж. 4 Extreme closeup of 
visit them. Going to an old folks' home dressed as the ў rumored Sofia Vergara 
Grim Reaper is guaranteed to make an impression m nude pic 


Writer: Jay Rath 
жаш кл 


10 Writer: Jeff Kruse Pumpkin Costume: Witty | Dreamstime.com 


An Ad We'd Like to See 


7 ZA. ` 
x H ^ 72 
“Who should I Vote forthis Noye ber? 


The Presidential 
debates. 


It doesn't matter who wins, because it's really 
greedy corporations that influence policy, manipulate 
the markets and distract the American people from 
the real problems that face this country. 


Uncle Joe, 
that's ridiculous! 
You're so 
full of... 


It's all a marketing ploy to promote his 
new line of blinged-out body casts 


Because coming in 400th place 
at the X Games is where the 
real money is at 


He was advised to do so by his 
manager and most trusted 
confidant, a Magic 8-Ball 


Tha Carter IV was 
illegally downloaded | 
so many times that he | 
had no choice but to 
find a new line of work... 
Nice going, jerks. 


He's got a bet going with 
James Franco to see who 
can come up with the most 
ridiculous side project 


If you drank a quart of 

cough syrup a day, you'd 
make some pretty weird 
life decisions, too 


Writer: Kenny Keil 
Artist: Hermann Mejia 


THE SILLY SIX 


Because as an American citizen, I have a vested interest 
in what these candidates say about the country and 
the direction it's heading! I may be too young to vote, 
but I still have a responsibility to stay informed. 

„йез Ë 


Нее hee! Look, it's 
the eTrade Baby! 


Writer and Artist: Garth Gerhart 


n 


тне FUNDALINI PAGES 


TO FIND 
OUT HOW MUCH 
OF YOUR IRA HAS 
VANISHED DURING THE 
CURRENT PERIOD, 
PRESS THREE. 


Our 


TO LEARN 
MORE ABOUT 
OUR CEO'S 


WHICH BAND YOU'O W 

LIKE TO HEAR SELL OUT | 

IN OUR NEXT ТУ AD, J 
PRESS FIVE. 2 


DID you 
KNOW THAT MOST 
BANKING TRANSACTIONS 
MAY NOW BE DONE ON YOUR 
CELL PHONE? AND THAT IT CAN 
DISTRACT YOU WHEN YOU 
SHOULD BE DRIVING OR 
INTERACTING WITH 
PEOPLE? 


Things We Always Expect to Hear on 
ank’s Automated Phone Menu 


FOR 

INSTRUCTIONS 
IN THE MANDARIN 
DIALECT OF OUR 
NEW OVERLORDS, 
PRESS TWO. 


D YOUR CALL 
_ MAY BE MONITORED 
BY MEMBERS OF THE 
HOUSE SUBCOMMITTEE 
ON BANKING REFORM 
TO BETTER SERVE 

D THEIR AGENDAS. 


FOR INFORMATION 
ON OUR NEW BANKING 
MADE SIMPLE™ PROGRAM, 
ENTER YOUR 17-DIGIT ACCOUNT 
NUMBER, FOLLOWED BY THE 
STAR KEY, FOLLOWED BY 
YOUR FIVE-DIGIT PASSWORD, 
FOLLOWED BY THE 
POUND KEY. 


Writer: 
Jeff Kruse 


Artist: 
Peter Bagge 


FOUR WORST GADGETS OF THE YEAR FROM BROOKSTONE 


Drill & Chill | 
How often do you use your electric 
drill? Once a month or less? 
98% of the time your drill 
sits on a shelf doing. = | 
nothing. Drill & Chil,— > 
includes an 8" fan 
blade, so when 
you're not drilling, ` `. 
you're chilling! 
What's more 
convenient than 
holding a drill in your 
lap aimed at your 
face? You can even 
try putting the drill 
in reverse for heat! 
$39.99 


Sweep 'N Hide 


Cleaning up when you're in a hurry? Sweeping the dirt under the rug doesn't 
work because it will quickly work its way back out onto the floor. Sweep 'N Hide 
solves that problem. It's a rug pad with a full-length zipper. Simply Sweep 'N Hide 
the dirt in the roomy compartment, then zip it closed. You'll never see that dirt 


again. (You'll just feel it as you walk over it. It's like being at the beach!) $59.99 


| 
Е 


Ш 


Doggie Es 
If your pooch is getting too old to jump up 
on your bed, buy him the Doggie Escalator! 
Three speeds allow your dog to travel at the 
one most comfortable for him or her. (Caution: 


may shoot completely over the bed!) $119.99 


еза аванс. ы — 


Writer: Dick DeBartolo — Artist: John Caldwell 


Don't use the high speed for tiny dogs, as they | 


Roman Shade Pants 
Men, when you leave 
the house for work in the 
morning it's chilly and you 
need long pants. But by 
lunchtime it's hot, especially 
in the summer. With 
Roman Shade Pants all 
you have to do is pull 
the string and raise your 
pants to the height you 
like! When it's time to go 
back to the office, let the 
string go, and they're 
back to normal- == 
length pants. 
$64.99 


MAD 
GREATEST 
ARTISTS 


nest Works 
Foreword by 
Michael J. Fox 


Five Decades of His Fi 


Е Ух а 
up qj 
ET 


FEATURING) 

GREATESTIMOVIE'AND ТУ SATIRES! 

WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY MICHAEL J. FOX! Q N S А! 
FEATURING ESSAYS BY J.J. ABRAMS, FRANK DARABONT, | 


GEORGELUCAS AND STEVEN SPIELBERG! M OW | 
PLUS А VINTAGE PULL-OUT WALL POSTER! ° 


THERE'S А BLOODSUCKER BORN EVERY MINUTE DEPT. 


It's the drab, dingy, dreary movie series that even Ingmar Bergman's grief counselor would have called “а little morose." But if 
you're a member of Team Good Taste, you've missed what the fuss is about! Don't expect to find out as you read about a girl who's 
So stiff, porcelain white and full of pizzazz that her — for lack of a better term, let's call it a "story" — deserves to be known as... 


the 


Га never given much thought to Seeing my father's house, which was now my Not speaking in a monotone About 
how | would die. But dying in the house, the dull, blue-gray sky overlooking is harder. The night before three 
place of someone I love seems my new life was like a blanket. A cold, un- I left Phoenix, | had a dream. things | was 
like a good way to go. Then forgiving blanket being slowly pulled over I couldn't bring it with me, absolutely 
again, so does strapping myself the bed of everything I'd known. A bed that though. My suitcase positive. 
to the fender of an amusement flipped the mattress of my feelings, but no was exactly 50 pounds, But | didn't 
park bumper car. Or being longer offered the Tempur-Pedic pillow of and the airline would have know what 
devoured alive by weasels. understanding. Metaphors are hard. charged me extra. they were. 


Sporks, Washington! All How is it that you just came from sunny Arizona to the | Tell me about it! | was 
the excitement of Walla grayest, most overcast corner of the lower 48 states, once kicked out of a 
Walla, without Bremerton's and you're already the town's palest person? Toby Keith concert 
edgy sense of danger! for being too white! 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN ARTIST: ANTON EMDIN 


| had to come Sure was! It took me 
and congratulate twenty years, slowly 

you in person. working my way up the 
That was a sweet | | ranks, but | finally made it. 
job promotion, The only thing that gets me 
to First Assistant | | is, this town has a one-man 
Shift Supervisor! police department! 


I'm an 
alienated out- 
cast. Don't you 

agree, entire 
table of insta- 
friends | made 
in my first hour? 


Here's the scoop on living 
here. The town's population 
is 3,100, 90% of whom are 
apparently between the ages 
of 17 and 23. Our principal 
industries are texting, 
lip gloss and sulking! 


The Vanity Fair fashion shoot 
at the far table is the Sullen 
family. Captain Eyebrows over 
there is Deadwood Sullen. He 
doesn't date anyone, but he's 
unblinkingly staring at you. 
Maybe he wants your apple. 


Hey, I just So much wondering. 
met you. | | My mindreading power So much mystery. 
And this is} | has never been blocked Starting with this: 
crazy. But before. It's as if you if the school semester 
here's my contain no thoughts... started half a year 
number. or emotions... ago, how is it 
Call me, or rudimentary you didn't already 
acting skills! have a lab partner? 


i That car Yeah, get used to things that 
№ almost hit me! almost happen, but don't. It's 
| almost died! № what these movies are all about! 


Hundreds of years ago, the Sullens What's their secret? Oooh! Your Й No, | make a lot of trips to the gentleman's 
made a sacred treaty with our tribe. My next stop is skin is cov- club in town. Ever hear of stripper glitter? 
For some reason, it's the only Indian the bookstore, for ered with Nothing personal, but it's going to take me 

treaty in U.S. history that was actually a little research. sparkles! three and a half movies just to get under 
honored! As long as they stay on their They might have Is that a your bra! Let's just say my freezing cold 
land and we stay on ours, no one gets | | the answer in one vampire hands aren't my only two body parts 
hurt. If only Alec Baldwin and the of their 37 aisles thing? that are turning blue! 
paparazzi had a treaty like this! of vampire books! У 


Miss Rubella Wan! So l...l've never | can certainly Hey, We're the top baseball Forget the 
lovely to eat you...oops, seen such a see why it's team in Washington. peanuts and 


| mean, so nice to MEET solemn, blank Deadwood more And now that you Cracker Jack... 
you. That was certainly expression on | | sneaks into your enter- three have shown up, | | that young chick 
a Freudian slip! And I anyone's face. bedroom every taining we're outdrawing will make the 


4 should know. | drank two And | work night and stands than the Seattle Mariners! 
> quarts from Sigmund with coma there watching watching 
Freud 75 years ago! patients! you in the dark! Leno! 


perfect snack! 


You were very No, those | have a feeling 
fortunate to lip bites are we'll be seeing a 
survive his vampire mine. It's lot more of not just 
attack, Rubella. something I that vacant facial 
You've got one do in lieu of expression, but 
bite on your wrist, personality. your other, open- 
and 75,000 bites Oops — make | | mouthed one, as we 
on your lip. it 75,001! trudge on into... 


| love you too much to 
turn you into a vampire! 


If you loved me, you would 
turn me into a vampire! 


You're not ready to 
become a vampire. 


Yes, l'm ready to 
become a vampire! 


Like one of these 
conversations. Except shorter! 


It would be forever and ever! 
Do you realize what forever would be? 


You can't spend the Those are bugs 
rest of your life in Oooh! My skin іѕ | | hitting you in the 
your room, moping! tingling! It's the face at 75 mph. 
That's why | brought first thing I've | TOLD you to 
you outside to mope! felt in so long. wear a helmet! 


So far, all the girls in the audience have been identifying 
with me. Now their boyfriends that got trapped into 
seeing this slo-mo chick flick have something THEY can 
identify with — my suicide scene. They've been thinking 
about killing themselves ever since this movie started! 


Fascinating! Your mind is absolutely blank 
to me. This has only occurred once before, 
with Miley Cyrus! If | have seemed vexed, 
do forgive me. My prostate's been acting 
up since 1743! Please, remain with us as our 
guests for dinner. As you would expect, we 
have excellent Italian food. Try the gondolier! 


Where...where am I? We are...the Zamboni. The supreme 
high council has lived long and seen 
much. Of the old, judgmental dudes 

wearing robes here in Italy, we're the 
ones who only BITE children! Please, 
allow me to me read your thoughts, 

my dear appetizer...| mean, lady! 


For the past 30 minutes, I’ve been 
giving you intense mouth-to-mouth 
resuscitation, and a robust heart 
massage, after getting you out of 
those dripping wet clothes. You started 
breathing normally 29 minutes ago, 
true. But it never hurts to be thorough! 


I'll never let you go, even 
though | just did! After | 


decided to never see you again, 


| couldn't bear not seeing you 
again! Since you've met my 

family, you've been in constant 

| danger. So, will you marry me? 


You cannot 
marry him! 
Half of all 
vampire 
marriages end 
in divorce. And 
another 1096 
end in werewolf 
maulings! 


Before | answer your question, answer mine. If the Zamboni 
are so concerned with hiding their existence, why do they 
slaughter entire tour groups? When you thought | was dead, 
why didn't you use your mind-reading ability to check the 
details? Or make a phone call? And why travel all the way to 


Love conquers all, 


|| including logic! And it won't 


get any better! Needless 
contradictions, ponderously 
slow pacing and flat, 


You don't know Deadwood like | do. 

He stalks me, he spies on me, he makes | || 
me obey orders, he vandalizes my 

things, he holds me prisoner, he with- 
holds his feelings, he deceives me, he 
makes me suicidal, he comes between 
me and my father, he dominates every 
aspect of my life. What's not to love? 


Rome to kill yourself instead of just, you know, ki 


Once | have created а 
fresh vampire army, then 
we will hunt and destroy 

Deadwood Sullen! 
But keep an eye out for 
witnesses. The police 
have noticed that prone 


| admit he's a catch. 
But what hurts 
most is knowing 
there's something 
| can never have. 
That can never be 
a part of me! 


Yeah...a shirt! 


one-note characters will 


ng yourself? continue to define... 


Quick strategy question: instead of 
doing this in the same small area where 
the Sullen family lives, and where 
everybody sees everything, maybe we 
should be creating vampires in a large 
city, and then bring the army here? 


Jackwad, 
don't! 
Control 

yourself! 


1 AM controlling 
myself! I'm half wolf. 
Normally, I'd be sniffing 
your butt by now! 


| can tell Deadwood is 
consumed with worry and 


Errr, ahem...well. You're Don't worry, Daddy. The vet says that As You think 
over 18 years old now. Jackwad is completely free of mange, heart- E a you have an 


It's time you need to worm and ear mites! Besides, my heart truly matter advantage jealousy. So much so that 
learn that there's some- | | belongs to Deadwood. You'll be glad to know of over me, he's forgotten he has super 
as thing called "sex." And | | we haven't gotten physically intimate. Mostly fact, just because | vampire speed, and could be 


back here with blankets and a 
space heater in 15 seconds! 


~ | itcanbe dangerous. because his body temperature is ice cold yes you can 
| With the wrong boy, you If | put my mouth on him, my tongue migh ` | do. read minds? 
could pick up a disease. freeze like a flagpole on a winter's day! d 


| 


Bite my kibbles if A backflip, a spin, a tuck and roll, a shoulder block, We spent months getting this fighting army ready, 
you must, but don't another spin, a running clothesline, a hip throw yet we've been wiped out in three minutes, and 
touch my bits! and a judo chop! Because, you know...vampires. without inflicting a single casualty! Vive la France! 


Я ГТ” 


Drat! Vindictiva It's okay. | spent the Problem We were lucky Happened? HAPPENED? We still | 


and Whiny tracked whole movie amassing solved! to get this quiet| | need to get married, Jackwad still | 
us down! Maybe a vampire army just to spot. Normally, wants to stop us, we still haven't 


we should have kill you, then | forgot to it's used to gone past first base, | still need 
picked a hideout bring my vampire army! shoot Tampax to change into a vampire and the 
more than four Sometimes I think I'd / commercials. || Zamboni are still keeping an eye 
minutes away from | | forget my own head if We need to talk] | on us! Absolutely NOTHING has 
the battle site! it weren't attached! about what's || changed. The whole movie has 
happened. been a 2-hour-long trailer for... 


Joined together, 
Deadwood and p 
Rubella shall be one 


life, one heart, one 
soul. And maybe 
five-ninths of a 
personality, on a 

good day. You may 

now gnaw the bride! 


] fluids! That low, hissing 


Who could help crying and sniffling, 
sitting here in this rain forest of 
plants and flowers? The pollen 

count has to be through the roof! 

Speaking of which, is that shredded 


| always cry at weddings! 
Or rather, | would, if 
vampires had bodily 


sound is air, being blown 


Here. These drops 
should help. | use them 
myself. Every day. 


Brrrr! It's the spooky 
TV doctor who never 
[ blinks, from the 
1 | Restasis ads! | may be 
] an undead man-demon 
] who feasts on human 


blood...but THAT lady 
gives me the creeps! 


Since you came to Sporks, you've been 
hospitalized, clinically depressed, broken 


Oh, Daddy. 
There's no 


your leg and hand, gashed your arm, and time for 

survived hypothermia, a treacherous fall, and sensible 
half a dozen murder attempts. Seems like I concerns. 
did a better job protecting you during the 17 | I'm married 
years when you were living 1,500 miles away! and we're 
And now you're going to live in the woods? off to Sex 


Does this sparkly bum even have a job? Island! 


Л 


172259 i 
(| 7 Á | 


At last, we finally know who her 
choice is, and it's a good lesson 
for the women out there. When 
you're torn between two equally 
hot guys, always pick the one who 
doesn't drink out of the toilet! 


е PR 


r ТЫЗ ПИН. т Aun д 

This would all be more impressive 
if you hadn't bought the bed at 
Ikea! But our much-anticipated 


My vampiresex | 
technique is creating 
a small earthquake! | 


Pregnant? 
Are you 


Just look at the test stick's little plus 
sign! Until now, from the sky to the 
woods to my home, it was one of the 


Except most earth- 
quakes last more 
than 45 seconds! 


| lovemaking was so perfect, and so 


worth the wait. Almost as much as 


the wait for Oprah's O Network А 
= emu] Ks 


only things that wasn't already а dreary, 
ashen blue! | had a feeling | was 
pregnant, though. I've been having 
severe mood swings. I’m careening from 
ennui to listlessness to a dull funk! 


Hold on. This pregnancy is 
impossible. According to 
Stephenie Meyer, vampires 
have no blood, sweat, tears, 
or internal fluids. 

But somehow, we DO have 
sperm? How can an undead 
vampire even get an erection 
without any blood? 


Rubella's dying! 
Her bones are 
snapping! Chew 
her stomach open! 
Stab her with 
vampire-creating 
venom! 


Rigor This 
mortis! discussion is 
It's getting too 
the graphic and 
reason technical. 
| never Can't we go 
get on back to love, 
| crowded | | passion and 
elevators! romance? 


Obamacare! 


wants the 
bloody 
placenta? 


ГО 11 t saga 


part 2 


Oh, good! We're starting at exactly the point where the previous 
movie ended! Except that my broken, emaciated, scarred and 
ravaged body was inexplicably fixed, even though vampires are 
supposed to be forever frozen at the moment they transform! 


| ат the Count, and | LOVE to count! 


One! One book! Two! 


TWO books! Three books! 
FOUR books, ah ha ha! Four books... 
yet, somehow, FIVE movies! 


If Rubella 
dies having 
your baby, 
I'll murder 
it and you! 


| have an 
idea. Let's 
hide inside 
a giant glass 
house! 


| сап top that. Bella's on the 
verge of giving birth, and we're 
running low on our blood supply. 
So why don't we send our only 
doctor out to retrieve some? 


— 


I'm making an If a werewolf's choice of one of 
instantaneous emotional mate is entirely deter- the many 
mined by imprinting, exciting 
and you didn't imprint № plot holes 
on Rubella, then what that will 
the hell was all of the never be 
previous “love triangle" | answered ff 
drama about? i 


Zap! I'm imprinting! ——— To 


a 10-minute-old. Which 
is good, because the 
psychology of this story 
wasn't quite sick and 
demented enough! 


As said throughout this saga, we The only 
vampires are at our most wild Wow, want two things 
and dangerous right after we've to see more 
transformed! It takes a new something powerful 
vampire at least a year to learn weird? than a new 
to subdue its intense strength My self- vampire: 
and hunger cravings. So, until control is narrative 
then, Rubella's natural, inexplicably | | convenience, 
uncontrollable frenzy will make fine. Just and crappy 
her kill and kill and kill with по... Д because! continuity! 


So where'd the extra movie come from? Easy as 1-2-3! From the 
same scam they used for the most recent Harry Potter and Pirates 
of the Caribbean movies, and that they'll use for The Hobbit and 

The Hunger Games: Mockingjay. Split the last film into two parts, and 

make your suckerbait fans pay twice! And they call US bloodsuckers! 


| can't believe 
my keen new 
vampire super- 
senses. Suddenly, 
my whole world 
smells like hair gel 
and wet dog! 


But it's 
Don't you think 
Repressme is too 
young to go on a 
bloodhunt, to watch 
us slaughter a living 
creature for food? 


Half the vampires here have 
secret superpowers! It's like the 
Justice League of Transylvania! 


Luckily, 1 
built up my 
abs from 
lugging 
around 
these eye- 


Why must we 
snarl, lunge, 
and try to kill 
each other? 
What does 
this violence 
accomplish? 


Did you READ the totally inert 
ending of Breaking Dawn? They 
build up to the ultimate show- 
down, then everyone just stands 
around for a while, talking, and 
then they go home? How many 
IMAX tickets will THAT sell? 


How come we were able to reach you in 
two days when we traveled to Italy, but 
it took you three months to reach us? 


Kids! 
They 
grow up 
so fast. 
So 
freakishly 
fast. 


Here she is. 
We're just 
coming back 
from a romantic 
playdate for two 
at Gymboree! 


Oy! TSA body search delays, those a-holes at Priceline... 
don't ask! Plus, | had to make a stop at the Rock and Roll Hall 
of Fame in Cleveland to borrow Michael Jackson's clothes! 


= NM 


9% 


It's all over! I'm sorry, Rubella, but our Close your 
A tranquil home life, entire relationship was based pointy 
at last! I'm so happy || on frustration, mind games mouth, 
you changed те, and [I] and abuse! This "happily ever | Blood Boy, 
now you can change || after" thing will never work! and get 
our 85-pound baby. || So I'm leaving you for someone ready to 
Hey! Where are who will treat me the way give me a 
you going? | need to be treated. Poorly! tick bath! 


ч 


| сап sense that the Zamboni have become | 4 
aware of Repressme's human/vampire 
status. In my mind's eye, | see a hazy vision 
of them approaching us. Also, they've 
all changed their Facebook status to "Off 
to behead Rubella's hybrid daughter"! 
| probably shouldn't have clicked "Like"! 


Fy THERE'S AN APATHY FOR THAT DEPT. 


Are you the type of person who's committed to making a differ- 


Are you an 


ence? Do you generously give to social causes? Do you gladly 
take part in walk-a-thons and other fundraising events? If so, 
you are a proud activist! Or is the closest you come to expressing 
your deeply-held beliefs skipping a Top Chef rerun on your DVR 
in order to skim over the day's Occupy footage to see if anyone 
got pepper-sprayed, and then reviewing your collection of "I'd 
rather go naked than wear fur" PETA ads? You, then, are a 
bona fide apathetic slacktivist! If you still don’t understand, the 
following examples will help you answer the question... 


An activist... 


2 "ow D .е 
protests consumerist over-consumption Бу 
taking part in Buy Nothing Day. 


protests consumerist over-consumption by taking 
part in Buy Nothing Day, but not before going 
on a major shopping spree the day before. 


An activist... 


believes that we are all, each of us, a small part 
of the interconnected living organism called Earth, 


and must sacrifice accordingly. 


Slacktivist? 


An activist... eum 
An activist... 


takes action against the coordinated right-wing 
campaigns that are scrubbing voter registration 
rolls, pushing one-sided 1.0. restrictions and 
otherwise threatening free democracy. 


An activist... 


writes a 100-word blog entry wondering 
why people aren't donating enough money. 


A slacktivist... 


will join the fight against leukemia by 
wearing an eye-catching green rubber 
bracelet, or protest human rights abuses 

with an orange bracelet or promote 


selflessly vows never to eat endangered HIV/AIDS research with a red bracelet. 


owl, manatee or coral. 


An activist... 


stays informed by reading Sx 


detailed manifestos, proposals 
and blueprints for change. 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN 
ARTIST: PAUL COKER 


A slacktivist... 


is also outraged by these tactics 
because, who knows, кеччү they 
might feel like voting themselves 


A slacktivist... 


chooses whichever bracelet 
goes best with her shoes. 


A slacktivist... 


vegges out as soon as any 
social crisis requires him to pay attention 
to more than 140 characters. 


realizes that there's always more than one 
issue that requires immediate attention, and 
tries to devote a portion of her energy to each. 


ENS 
2 = 15! 


pounds the pavement and engages the public, trying 
to create new converts and change old minds. 


Фром 
fbdophiLec | 
. and 
PINK SLE ME. 
тт 


combines four ог буе deeply-felt 


sends out Colbert Report video links every morning to causes at once, to save time. 


all her friends, most of whom already watch the show. 


A slacktivist... 


likes the idea of saving the environment, but emailing 
businesses uses up electricity...and protest signs kill 

trees...and traveling to Washington gas fuel...so he 
pretty much just stays home and plays hacky-sack. 


understands that when it comes to saving 
the environment, numbers generate power. 


E SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 
> 4 


N 
S< 1) 
( 


ты |) 
|] 


WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONES COLORIST: TOM LUTH 


ACE, be 


таз Got 2% 


(LIQUOR STC oe 9008 e тон] 
ERIS. x. Ey J 


Чек 


Us 75 ; 
бй ON x D wee B log 
езе)! 7256 o № 

p: BS: 


272 


FEST 
УЕ Де Пт 
«е pe’ Е, n #07 


7 


== 
EO 5) 


JANUARY 


sS W T WT FS 

12-3 475 
жен Е" 
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 


FEBRUARY 


SMTWTF |" 


12 
tA Sete 9 
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 


34:58 17$ 9 
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 


SMTWTFS 

] 23459 
189101170 13 
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 


n 2221 
> 


27 28 29 30 31 5 4 25 262728 S. 21252272230 


pee 9291 
D Ú 14 15 16 17 18 


45у 7 i 4 е” 


2223 24-7 ЕНІ 
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 
16 17 18 19 20 21 2 


Фо: 
Ж "e 


ye ав 


JULY 
SM T W T F $ 


15227 3945550 
1528 59 12112713 


M 15 16 17 18 19 0% 


Gr ee eo ee 
11 D 13 14 15 16 17 
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 


19 20 21 22 23 24 25 
26 27 28 29 30 31 


oo 


21 27 23 24 25 26 27 a 


м г 
À 


22) 

9 10 11 12 13 14 
15 16 17 18 19 20 21 
22 23 24 25 26 27 28 


SMTWTFS 

1592: 73440) 
6. 1-9. 10 U D 
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 


SMTWTFS 

1-2 
Ces oa ia 81.5 3 
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 
11 18 19 20 21 22 23 


ОЕ 
8 9 10 11 12 3 14 [ 
15 16 17 18 19 2021 \ 
22 23 24 25 26 27 28 


24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Z 29 30 31 % 


L 


29 30 27 28 29 30 31 VÚ 


ё 


For the past three and a half years, Barack Obama's authenticity as an American 
citizen has been called into question. Theories about Obama being a Kenyan citizen 
who's controlled by socialism-spreading terrorists continue to be espoused by 
Donald Trump and others. Rather than dismiss these people as paranoid, right-wing 
whack jobs, we decided to gather all the evidence available and present it to you so 
you can make an informed decision...before blowing off voting this election day. 


30 


THE CASE FOR AND AGAINST 


NOT A REAL AMERICAN 


А REAL AMERICAN. 


МОТ А REAL AMERICAN. 


МОТА REAL AMERICAN. 


. A REAL AMERICAN. 


NOT A REAL AMERICAN. 
A REAL AMERICAN. 


NOT А REAL AMERICAN. 


NOT A REAL AMERICAN. 


«ies NOT A REAL AMERICAN. 


DEFINITELY A REAL AMERICAN. 


WRITER: BARRY LIEBMANN ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


31 


M 
ю 


V3 . Кы ФРУ 


ET. 


TL, 


52555722 RT 
So 


l eases ane ARAN =й E TE 
` e A Co cna, 00 5 ^ LK 


7 


олт жн эзе Чаи мш эшим u. 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


ә. ІМ BLOG WE TRUST DEPT. 


Planet TAD!!!!! 


CANET TAD!!! 


ABOUT МЕ »NAME: TAD >АСЕ: «91 >ҒАУОКІТЕ SALADS, IN DESCENDING ORDER: FRUIT, TACO, TUNA, EGG 
ҚЗ зыр ы ыы АХ SN АМ 
October 12, 2012 
Today, these signs went up Our high school team is the Lakeville Sharks. Рт not sure why, because it's 
RÀ all over the school: not like there are sharks in any of our lakes. It makes almost as little sense as 
our middle school team, the Lakeville Pirates. | feel like whoever came up 
with our team names doesn't get how lakes work. 


PELE LET 


RR) 
АА 


Anyway, at our football games, someone gets to dress up in a shark costume 
and dance around on the sidelines; the guy who did it last year graduated, so 
2 the job is open. І?уе decided to try out, because it seems like а great way to 
Do чоц ANG waat t takes impress people. For one thing, everyone pretty much has to def for you, 
to Represent Амели: so that'll automatically make them like you more. And for another, you get 
Алонсо in tue Capeteria ЙА @ 7| tospend the whole game hanging out with the cheerleaders on the sidelines. 
What could be wrong with that? 
А ЗЗАЗААЗАЗЗ”АЗААЗЗА”АУ”ААЗЗАЗАЗЗАЗЗЗАА”АЗАЗАЗ”АААА dW. ’_’ WAI 
October 13, 2012 à October 14, 2012 


I’ve To me, it I'm surprised that when you go to the Wikipedia page for 
been JH seems like if "Wikipedia", it doesn't just say, "This." 
doing re- you have a 


search into 2 baseball for 
mascots to a head, the 
get ready for last place 
my audition. you're going 
| think the to want to 
mascot that hang out is a 
weirds me out 1 j ballpark full 
the most is š of men hold- 
Mr. Met. қ ing bats. 
SS ААА SSA RQ WNdw dN 
October 15, 2012 

ÇO | spent a lot of time in my room this afternoon getting ready for Wednesday's audition. | was jumping around and growling, 
and my little sister Sophie asked what | was doing, and | told her, "I'm getting ready to try out to be a shark.” And she said, 
"Sharks don’t growl.” And | said, “Well, what noise do they make?” And she said, “They don’t. They live underwater.” 


SO 


7 


\ 


> 


Wikipedia 


— 


This. 


Z 
2 ИРИ 


АХ 


| hate when Sophie is right about stuff. But I'm gonna growl anyway. 


АА ААА 


October 16, 2012 < October 17, 2012 
When | was a kid, | Š Well, | went in for the mascot audition today, and it turns 
thought the reason N out, the competition wasn’t that stiff. Only five guys 
you couldn’t understand ~ showed up, and two of them were too tall for the costume, one of 
what Woodstock was saying _ them was too short for it, and one of them couldn't do any games 
in the "Peanuts" cartoons that fell on Saturdays because he has violin lessons then. And so 
was that he was just swear- they just gave me the job. | said, "Don't you want to see my shark 
ing constantly. Which actu- - moves?" And the head cheerleader, Alexandra McNeill, said, "Оһ, 
ally made the comic a lot я ` we'll teach you all the routines you need to know." 


more interesting. Routines? 


October 18, 2012 Р 3 WHAT I'M SUPPOSED ТО DO| | WHAT I'VE BEEN DOING 
A © Uggggggggh. | just spent three hours after school with Alexandra and her 


cheerleading co-captains as they tried to teach me all the steps for the 
shark dance routines. | don’t know how I never noticed this, but the shark doesn’t 
just get to jump around and wave — there are, like, really elaborate dance moves 
involved in being the mascot. And while you'd think it'd be kind of fun to hang out 
with three cheerleaders, it's not actually that enjoyable when all they're doing 
is shouting at you because you aren't dancing right. | think they think I'm stupid. 
At one point, | heard Alexandra whisper to the others, "1 can't believe he's this 
A-W-F-U-L." And | said, "I can understand when you spell words out." 
October 19, 2012 
So, today was the big football game, and | realized pretty quickly that the shark costume has four big downsides: 


1. It's heavy and hard to see out of, which made it hard to do the dance moves. The cheerleaders kept getting angry with me 
for being "two steps behind", even though | pointed out that maybe the problem was that they were two steps ahead. 


2. The costume gets super-hot on the inside, which makes you sweat a lot, which wouldn't be so bad, except that... 


3. ..the costume isn't washed all that often, so it smells like other people's sweat. It was like spend- 
ing a day inside a giant gym sock. | heard one person say after | walked past, "An actual dead shark 
would smell better." 


4. It's a shark costume, so little kids are terrified of it. They kept bursting into tears when | came 
near, and even when I tried to open the jaws so they could see that | was a person inside the suit, 
that just made them cry more. | think they may've thought that | was someone the shark had eaten 
who was stuck in his throat. 


By the end of the game, | was pretty miserable. But then, as we went into the locker room, | ran 
into the East Lakeville Dolphin. (Like | said, they really don't understand how lakes work in my 
town.) And a girls voice from inside it said, "Hi! | hope those cheerleaders weren't too mean to 
you." And we talked for a little bit, and she seemed really nice, and she offered to meet up and give 
me some mascot pointers. So I'm going on a date with the East Lakeville Dolphin tomorrow! We're 
meeting up at the mall food court at 2! 


Oh, crap. | just realized, | have no idea what she looks like. Unless she shows up dressed like this: 


МЕ. МЕТ: JERR' COLI | DREAMSTIME.COM 


АА : 


y d t Sy h E yQ, 


N, GIVE THE GIFT THAT WILL KEEP ON GIVING 
ААА D М7 еее (ABAD AMPRESSION)! 
| / n МЕЛ 


b 2 алы = 
MAD'S GREATEST SPY VS. SPY: 
4 WACKY MAD ABOUT 


ARTISTS: Š THE TOP 
COLLECTION COLLECTIONS! STAR WARS SERGIO ARAGONES SECRET FILES! | 


А four-volume set! 238 pages of all-new Includes new, original, ҮНҮ, қ 
Over 400 Al Jaffee и adventures! From Perfect for fans КЛЕИ never-hefore-seen em wl Special ше pev у. 
Includes a brand-new the head writer of of MAD on Plus an 18"x24" pull-out poster А d 
и ву ка, The Daily Show Cartoon Network! by George Lucas! testuring 500 of үн Бізді зімі ” tr anemie 
especially for this collection with Jon Stewar: avorite marginals А 


PLANET 
TAD 


| 


WHEREVER MEDIOCRE BOOKS ARE SOLD! 


P BY “THE |) | 
ЖШ SUAL GANG OF Diors- i 


bp eed 
— Doc. 


F 


rus MAD VAULT. 


A 
BERG'S-EYE VIEW DEPT. <, OFFICE ОЕ THE PUBLISHER 
| MEMO TO: 
The Editor-- 


Just saw this 


article. 
Fire Dave Berg! 


| may be just a Stock Room Boy now—but | may be just a Shipping Clerk now—but 1 may be just a Chief Clerk now—but one | may be just an Office Manager now—but І тау be just the Vice President now— All this responsibility and aggravation 
one of these days, I’m gonna work my way one of these days I'll make that Chief of these days I’m gonna show up that one of these days I'm gonna convince them but one of these days, he'll make a and headaches and heartaches! Who needs 
up and grab that Shipping Clerk's job! Clerk move over and I'll grab his job! Office Manager and grab his job! 1 deserve the Vice President's job! mistake, and I'll be President of this firm! it! | wish | were a Stock Room Boy again! 


UN N 
NN 


Gee, Boss, Will you listen to My kid was saying just 1 How much longer I've had a —and that What a day | had at the I've got to unwind! | need a 
you look that? Did you ever 1| last night, “Gee, Uncle your new is that “Brass- lot of Bosses dirty fink office—buying, selling, change of pace! Tonight, let's 
better than hear anything Boss is nice! When | see suit! You Kisser” going in my time, has said maneuvering, wheeling and have an evening of fun and 
ever since more disgusting!? him again, I’m gonna sure do to stay in there? but you're practically dealing! Boy, my nerves games so | can get my mind 
you went on What an apple give him a big kiss!” have good I’ve been waiting 


the fairest everything are all tied up in knots! off business completely! 
that diet! taste in to talk to the and the most I planned 


Boss all morning— understanding! qmm 


| E 


uD 
|» Ж) 


ә 


Don't kiss me! I've gota Hmmph! 1 didn't notice she had a cold! What's going on here!? Just what in heck You call this a letter? With two erasures? Why Listen, Sturdley, I'll have no more of Hello, dear! I've been thinking! 
terrible cold! You don't Who's she kidding? She just didn't want do you think | pay you for . . . to drink 


< E don't you learn to type? That's not typing your stupid mistakes! Remember, you can Wasn't that considerate of me 
7—] want your whole office to to kiss me, that's all! She rejected me, coffee? Get back to work . . . all of you! you're doing, that's hunt-and-pecking! be replaced easily—by an 1.В.М. machine! not to kiss you this morning so 
that's what she did! And I'm hurt! And 


when | get hurt, | get mad! Real mad!! 


c Cri 


а 684 


What? What?! 
What have 


When | came to this town, | 
only had $23 in my pocket! So 
| took a job for $15 a week— 
and worked 8 hours a day—5 days 
a week—with 2 weeks vacation! 


Gee, Воѕѕ—1 bit 
off a little more 
than | could chew 
when I bought the 


WHAT'S THIS!!? FIFTY-FIVE 
CENTS FOR A LONG DISTANCE 
PHONE CALL!! ALL RIGHT— 
WHO'S THE BIG SPENDER 
WITH MY MONEY?! 


Ah-hah! Here it comes! 
He's hinting for a 
raise! Next, he'll tell 
me about his extra 
medical expenses! 


I've been trying to solve a problem.at the office for 
weeks now! All night long, I’ve had a troubled sleep! 
And just now, in sort of a half-dream, the solution 
came to me! Quick! Hand me a pencil and paper so 
| сап write it down before | forget it! 


Today, I’m the Boss! 


But | was ambitious, so | 
I'm a big success! 


struggled and saved and 
kept my nose to the grind- 
stone until | finally went 

into business for myself! 


Then of course, my | $ Oh, how | know these cry- 

wife was sick, and babies! Next, he’s going 

that put me into an to tell me that I just 
even worse hole! wouldn't understand! 


To tell the truth, numbers 


But, Mr. Maxwell! | don't 
baffle me! A hundred 


get it! You deal in hundreds 
of thousands of dollars 
every day! Why should such a 
small amount bother you! 


my comprehension . . . 


thousand dollars is beyond 


| Now | work 18 hours a day— 
7 days a week—with no 
vacations—and | owe my 
creditors over $50,000! 


But, of course, 
you wouldn't 
understand 
such problems! 


Ahhhh! The sun's in its heaven, 
my problem is solved, and all's 
right with the world! Where's 
that idea | wrote down? 


Boy, this teenage party of 
my daughters is costing me 
a small fortune! 


You've been beating around the bush— 
hinting for a raise—so let's discuss 
it! First of all, the company can't 
afford it! Second, you don't even 
deserve it! And third—the fact is, we 
were thinking of letting you ро... 


His business is failing—his 
world is collapsing about 
him—and yet he walks straight 
with his head held high! 


Hey, kid! Ask me 
how business is! 


Now what's 


No, Boss! You've got me all wrong! 
I'm not hinting for a raise! I'm just 
trying to explain to you why ІЛІ be 
leaving in two weeks! I've taken a 
new job that pays me much more! 


How's business? 


=== 


You— 


you 
what!? 


“Іп regard to inventory build-up and 
rising labor costs, siggle the mpfh 
and muggle all cobsko ugglphmps."'??? 


Okay! Now 1 can write this 


whole party off asa 
“Business Conference”! 


Now let's not get excited, Gormley! We need 
you here! I'll meet their price! In fact, I'll give 
you ten dollars more! No, twenty! Er—thirty? 


БЛ THE MEASURES OF TIARA MADRES DEPT. 


Most parents agree that childhood is a time of wonderment, full of silliness 
and carefree fun. And those parents are idiots — because they'll NEVER 
raise a beauty pageant champion with that kind of loosey-goosey, 
half-assed approach! Children need discipline, an appreciation for 
superficial beauty and sequins, sequins, sequins! Thank heavens 
there are SOME moms out there who actually know what they’re doing! 
Not sure if you're on the winning team? Allow us to explain... 


C'mon Feincess Baby- опе moge 
nice big ар of Me.Keà Bull 
to help You get w€ 'Chege( 
Re" number Just right! 


Well, Ти sawey You got a 


сами {ее EAL milk - but Lx 


ч? 


You think them jndges Rather 
see SPANELY tights, e€ ; 
REAL milk on Yer Leas !' 
Now, put that back... 

© 


29 


Your monthly pageant spending 
exceeds your monthly grocery hill 


Aww Momma, Please can 
I just have Ме. Вент pwil' 


WRITER AND ARTIST: TERESA BURNS PARKHURST 


Good irL, letting Mama ger 
Kid of о Poot Veawers! s “зө” 
Now, Cover Хж eks an 

were all done! 


{That's eight Sugar! 
31] t£. SKOOTCH! SKooTeH! 
` | | 55 hands, and.. “sol 
EN уш" 


j Ё — 


ë | You know to give 
j yourself ample room 
= Í for off-stage promptin 


Okay Peaches, what tan a tan You wart, 
Cagibbtan Төке on Bronce Starlet 
N Yuck Mom: Thef make me НХ and 2 
PRe=canceRous! Cant T just stay white- 
Dont be a goosey ! ia 
Which PSP N Mti 
`> - 


» 
S) 


% 


„ ORN 
ФЭ Starlet. 


ЖАС 3h 
VW ӘТ md 
Nife( nte, Dll абат "Member 
ta hold Teddy on the side $o 


Oh Моми, Loolat ! 
To hide mf hideous 


You respect your child enough to always give her choices 


Shes been in A feal position She & Suck A , 
And pulling out her efe bows 2 ше DIVA. 


gince You Left. Ee ; 
Dr- - 


Your baby girl's budding psychological disorders are all shrugged off 


You've trained your toddler 
to take naps in a tanning bed 


In YOUR house, the Tooth Fairy 
brings “Flippers,” not cash 


You love when your kid's hair 
makes your ass look smaller 


= THE BRANDWRITING IS ОМ THE WALL DEPT. 


the overwhelming urge to deface signs, 
display ads, posters ‘and corporate logos has 
a long and storied tradition 05 old as America 
itself. But why merely tag these things with 
profanity, The names of schools, gang symbols 
or erudely-dravin naughty bits? 1425 much more 
subversive land Fun!) to mate the company’s 
name part of your rage against Жем) Need some 
inspiration? teres our latest take on... 


1 
vetet 
ёам 


LITT 


LP v, 
О (C 


Л. вов UNDISCRIMINATING 

DRUNKS ON \ ЖЕ: | i 

8 2 w 
| ӘУ; ca 

Wa ESN » 


Bis 


WORKING 


BUY! SELL! 
TRADE!CRY! 


WRITER: DESMOND DEVLIN ARTISTS: EVAN DORKIN & SARAH DYER 


i И 
= 4 MITINIE JI 
ЯР М п 4 7 
em Ш- | 


Ш- |) 
ЕТІЛЕ 
шт ^n 


THE BEST 
PHONES 
WITH 
“UNLIMITED 
INTERNET” 
(WHEN IN RANGE) 


| La ARRESTOF THESE, >. 
THIEVING SCOUNDRELS/ L P ~ ~ 


< 


= 


HEY JEFF? I WAS GONNA PUT 
SOME FROZEN DINNERS IN THE 
FREEZER, AND---UM-.- THERE'S A 
M SEVERED HEAD 

IN THERE. 


THANKS FOR THE REMINDER. 

I MEANT TO SET THAT OUT 
To DEFROST 
HOURS AGO! 


KIT LIVELY & SCOTT NICKEL 


BOBBY, REMEMBER THAT Y 
TRIP TO VEGAS WITH GRAMPA? 


HE WAS DROPPING SO MUCH 
DOUGH AT THE CRAPS TABLE! 


4 е 
YOU'D NEVER HAVE N 

е GUESSED HE AND GRAM м 

ef — WERE ON A BUDGET. 


CHAMPAGNE! A 
| CONVERTIBLE! 
IT WAS WILD? 


I LOST MY 
VIRGINITY THERE. 


AND THEN HE TOOK 
US TO THAT BROTHEL Á 

FOR THE REST ОР ~ 

THE WEEKEND! p 9 


BUT I STILL WISH HE 
HADNT USED OUR COLLEGE 
FUNDS TO PAY FOR IT ALL.A 


< 


BOBBY, CAN I = 
HAVE A CLEAN-UP] 
ON AISLE FIVE? 
THERE'S A DROPPED 
MOLASSES JAR! 


CHRISTOPHER BALDWIN 


> 


> | ВУ 


47 


ALEX CLINE 


OH YEAH, LIKE 
ГМ THAT DIM, 


PARTY PANTS 


4, ьоУ5 and gicls/ ХУ {тт going to teach You а Prank N) | wait until Your Friend Falls 
m Brown Bear's cousin, that ends with Your Friend Sound asleep, [ike Brown 
Unibcow Bear’ getting coveced in рее! Bear is here. 


xc 
ЕЕ 
w 
(54) 
S 
© 
ва 
CA 
Ld 


Aad чоо Put Your Friends 
hand ia it like this... 


Yep! THIS 1$ 
"t ONE! үл. 
ТАКЕ. rr! 


Дт NU... 
LET ME E GRAS. 


OOOH... Ім NOT 
ODD ING So HOT. 


BESIDE ИЕР PA AU. WE 
SIDE MYSELF. AY N NiGHT. SHA 
< GE. LADIES ? 


LATER THAT EVENING... ) 


CHICS.,, ODDS ARE D 
НТ. 


RE (400 
UJ Migut GET LUCKY TONIGHT. 


MATT LASSEN & TOM HART 


DAN SHEFELMAN 


GASP! YOU CAN'T EAT HERE! 
HAVEN'T YOU READ THE 


LOOK, I'M JUST AS MUCH FOR 
EQUALITY AS THE NEXT DOG, BUT 
I DON'T APPRECIATE HAVING MY 
LUNCH POLITICIZED. DON'T THESE 
PEOPLE HAVE BIGGER THINGS TO 
WORRY ABOUT THAN THE 
BACKWARDS POLICIES OF SOME 


JASON YUNGBLUTH 


KENNY KEIL 


WHATEVER FLOATS YOUR VOTE DEPT. 


Every election season, in cities and towns across our great nation, voters are asked to vote “уау” or “пау” on some 
idiotic social referendum. This is truly democracy in action, as the side which spends the most money on television 
commercials wins. But sides aside, as a public service we've compiled the most well-reasoned positions from editorial 

writers across the country. As always, we are proud to play our part in our not-quite-democratic process. 


Newspapers 

Weigh In On This Year's 
Least Important 

Ballot Propositions 


The Birmingham Extremist 
rd marriages between 


ES 
ciated backya P pg will still include 
i at least it $ 


kids would like to 


Proposition 68 
Overturns а Бап st interspecies 


ts, including mo 
Parmalireptile and ma Š 
a start! Let's let Fluffy а! a} 
think they love! Say 1 ps 


p 
ntercourse 
Observer 


Proposition 55 — NO 
Too many flaws! 
^. Shortening calendar year 
to 338 days looks good 
оп paper but ultimately 


does nothing to fix town Measure J — NO 
budget problems! Unnecessarily and potentially illegal 
The Staten Island ` е са в : Measure J sets number of bumper 
Seldom-Re d R > 5 Am ight put us stickers to maximum of ten per vehicle. 
a egister chronologically out of Completely discriminates against hippies 
ў Step with the rest of the and lesbians. A lawsuit waiting to happen 
Proposition 82 — YES world. No on 55! that we simply cannot afford! 


Ensures consistency among restaurants No on Measure J! 


serving Mexican omelets; confusion over 
inclusion/omission of avocado, chorizo, 
jalapefios ELIMINATED. Savings estimated 
to be in the THOUSANDS in the first year 
alone. ;Si en Prop. Ochenta y Dos! WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO | ARTIST: KEVIN POPE 
"нютаг" TIME.CC 51 


The Criertown Towne Crier 
с>» 
I Mcasüre С — YES 


‚ Creates a panel of no less than eight watchdog 

` groups each comprised of 12 to 14 independent 

_ consultants to oversee municipal government 

` Committees on Overspending, Committees for 
Smaller Local Government, Subcommittees For 

. Even Smaller Local Government and Committee 

` Against Political Cronyism & Nepotism. Fiscal 

| impact: Aaaah, it's probably negligible. Join Steve 

| Wilson, Robert Wilson, Elaine Wilson-Bixley 

апа Jim Bixley of Wilson & Bixley Consultants | 

| in voting YES on Measure C! 


pare J | 


The Austin Daily Manifesto 


Tur PHOENIX MUDFLAPPER 
ee TG. THERME. Proposition 38 — NO 


Proposition 72 — YES 


Vote Yes on Prop. 72. Allows six-year-olds to drive themselves 
to school; independent research PROVES immediate reduction 


in overcrowded buses. It’s about time! Yes on 72! 


Proposition 945: NO 
Moves weekly meeting of City 
Council from Room dones д 
Hall to Lane 12, Midway Bowling 3 
Alley. Send Bob Forschburg à ; 
d remind him that he 
when League Night was : 

- he ran for councilman last 

year: Vote NO on Prop. 94! 


Карі 
С. ° 
ас 
Cree 
Measure J — YES 


Makes it mandatory for gym 


employee, once notified, to 
approach man at sink in 


Vote NO on Prop. 38! H 
drab, uninteresting Нӧс 

Sister city” when we stil 
Switzerland or Japan’s 
November, let’s show th 


astily and irres i i 
sponsibly establishes 
сапа, Сегтапу аз official 
aven't heard back from Neuchátel 


Tokushima Prefecture. This 


€ world we can do better than 


Hóchenschwand — Vote Nein on 38! 


men's locker room and tell 
ы to Stop shaving his balls 
mmediate benefits include 4 
more sinks available for 
others, fewer clogged drains 


а ПО one shaving their balls 
at the sink. Shave your damn 
balls at home! Yes on J! 


The Wamelsdorf-Cupenluck 
Penny Saver 


Proposition 23 — YES 

Places strict four-penny limit on penny dish grabs 
preventing greedy shoppers from using the public 
sector to subsidize more than 4% of purchase per 
$1 spent. Our pennies are for everyone! 

a Yes on 23! 


SAKE MOR 
THAN 56 
SLL Spi? (Л 


WE 2/20/87 


THE ST. PETERSBURG 
WAPPENSTANCE WEEKLY 


Proposition 6 — NO 

Rescinds section 122.68b of residential code 
and allows for crudely-painted plywood cutouts 
of fat woman bending over doing gardening work in 
front yards, visible from street. Gnomes and flamingos, 
yes! Plywood fat-asses no! Vote No on Proposition 6! 


The Herald Journal Post Times Tribune 


Proposition 70 — NO 


| 
| nl H H 21. H H n 
| Unfairly discourages ignorant citizens from signing petitions outside medical marijuana dispensaries, Tea Party rallies, 
| 


food co-ops, Ted Nugent concerts, Trader Joe's locations, open-carry events, Venice Beach, то mene ioa 
Arizona by demanding petition-gatherers accurately describe purpose of petition without using COME m ing po ше 
exaggerated scare tactics and making sure potential signer fully comprehends issue at hand. ees ete Y та 
impossible to implement and guaranteed to negatively impact petition-gatherer industry while unfairly targeting 


blocs of uninformed, stupid voters. No No No on Proposition 70! 


2 The Tribune Post Times 
The Journal 3Beralo Herald Journal 


Tribune | Proposition 79 — YES 
Post Journal Allows police to legally detain and arrest anyone who they have a reasonable 


Mesin Doves Suspicion of being a member of Improv Everywhere. Limits bad improvisational 
Ta DE comedy" to continuing education workshops and lame parties ox cns 
sumas aproxima Dp pid p sad ee Anti-flashmob initiative of 2007 did not A far 
Ire a professional : pop. | 
take а series of been Pe oa Vade Mu 85 
local postcards, updating or replacing 
current available cards depicting 
“Busy Woolworth’s Lunch Counter,” 
Enjoying the Steam Room at Men’s 
Turkish Bath House on Mason Street,” 
and “Swarthy Slovak Peddler and His 
Pretty Child Bride in East Side's Little 
Prague.” Yes on D — It’s About Time! 


Proposition 18 — NO 
Invalidates 1867 law against rolling a cannon ball down the 
middle of Main Street during a hailstorm on a Tuesday in May 
while eating a pickle and wearing a hoop skirt. Wacky Laws 
on “Kidz Section” of city website will have to be updated at 
enormous taxpayer cost — while “Annual Events” area of site 
is still saddled with embarrassing “Gerainum Festival” typo. 
No on Proposition 18! 


53 


OOK, LINEUP & STINKERS DEPT. 


CSI-PATCH 


No crime scene is too complex — or too gruesome — for this IRSE 
elite band of pirate forensic investigators. In the series opener, SWEET) 
the team is called in to solve the murder of Catherine the N C , i 

Cutthroat, who appears to have been killed with an ancient GA t S > A 
17% century belaying pin. 


We recently read that there are about 12 new pirate movies coming our way in 

the next two years. (Funny how the same movie executives who complain about 
movie piracy have no problem glorifying pirates in films!) But the plundering 
doesn't stop there — at least four pirate TV shows are in 
production as well. It's enough to make you want to wear 
patches on BOTH eyes! How long before there's an entire 
channel devoted to the thieving, hook-handed rascals? Not 
long, John Silver, judging by this treasure chest we call... 


EVERYBODY LOVES BLACKBEARD 


Bloodthirsty pirate Edward Teach has a stressful 
job: looting, torturing and murdering. But when he's 
home, the REAL craziness begins! With 14 frustrated 
wives, overbearing parents and a jealous brother, 
what's a Scourge of the Seven Seas to do? 


d 


THE PARROT 
WHISPERER 

Man's best friend may be 
a dog, but what's a pirate 


without a loyal parrot companion $ e : 22” 
on his shoulder? The renowned “> 
parrot behavior specialist's skills THE BIGGEST LOOTER 


are put to the test each week as 
pirates from all over the globe 
bring in their problem parrots 
for help. In this season's 
premiere episode, the Parrot 
Whisperer must try and cure 

a potty-mouthed bird with 
Tourette Syndrome. 


Pirate booty call! Amateur bucs compete for big bucks in this exciting new series, as contestants arm themselves to 
the teeth and ransack local towns, all vying for the grand prize treasure of $250,000 in Spanish doubloons and the 
coveted title of The Biggest Looter! 


pping episodic drama, the loyal, but toothles: 
of a publicly disgraced pirate must find work 
as a lowly charwoman to provide for her two illegitimate 
children — all while battling a crippling grog addiction. 


Mea wasan: o ctr 


MORGAN IN THE HIDDLE 


Captain Henry Morgan was one of the most 
savage and ruthless privateers of the Spanish 
Main. But before that, he was just another 
precocious 12-year-old, dealing with the 
rigors of adolescence and an eccentric, 
dysfunctional family. In the pilot episode, 
comedy ensues when Henry kidnaps his 
3"-grade teacher at bayonet-point. 


PIMP MY CLIPPER 
Swab that deck and hoist the mainsail! Pirate expert 
Salty Sal and antique boat restoration specialist The 
Mad Marauder train their sights on some of the sorriest 
wrecks on the high seas. These guys take pirate ship 
customization to an all-new level, creating pimped-out 
maritime masterpieces! 


dm 


vi 


F 


Í > NM. 
ARRRR YOU SMARTER 
THAN А 5" GRADER? 
What's a Yellow Jack? Who was the real Black 
Bart? How much is a King's Shilling? This 
quiz-fest pits grown-up swashbucklers against 
American grade-school students to find out 
who knows more about pirates and pirate lore! 
But beware, young challengers — some of 
these knaves can be sore losers and too much 
gloating could cost you a limb! 


3uavdoiNvs хм 


Ама Wakata, са сек әле аваа а ш. Ыл, ъс: дан слала го ам ааыа. M 
т ж 


қ — ы 
GANGPLANK 


strut their stuff for celebrity judges. Winners are awarded a vessel and crew of their 
very own, while losers are forced to walk the plank over shark-infested waters. 


ANNAG WOL :1SI18V 


Is your computer running frustratingly slow? Maybe it's the fact that you're too cheap to spring for anything but dial-up service. Or maybe the problem is viruses and cookies from all the sick 
Sites you visit. (Yes we mean you, Caldwell! We beg you to get the treatment you so obviously need!) Either way, if you haven't visited the MAD blog recently, we're here to help. Here's... 


^ ^ 7а ^ | g P - 2 ~ ~ as = ` E 


ШШШ Шы Мы» ча чш 


OTHER SURPRISES ABOUT 
THE BIN LADEN RAID 
ERE. REVEALED IN THE BOOK “NO EASY DAY" 
DEPENDS-ABLES 


EIER. Bin Laden's fridge? Covered in “Marmaduke” cartoons. | 
The whole place was booby-trapped with 
swinging paint cans and Micro Machines 

like in Home Alone. ШЕ” 


D— — IM 


Bin Laden's last words were: “Would you... 
mind dropping...my Netflix...in the E 


REAL REASONS WHY 
MTV CANCELLED 


Turns out Bin Laden had a tramp stramp | 
of a dolphin jumping over a rainbow. ) 


— 


Osama’s ultimate downfall was in trying to 
outmaneuver the SEALs while still in his Snuggie. J 


ашы ашыу 


Bowing to pressure, the EPA 
designated JWoww as a 
federal Superfund Site 


For the world's most notorious terrorist, the guy had 4 


a damn impressive collection of garden £nomes. / 


um 
Gonorrhea — everybody has gonorrhea (the cast, |) е 
the crew, the guy who stocks the craft table, the 


key grip...everybody.) 
MTV had to make way for their new reality show 


celebrating pre-teen meth addicts who’ve murdered 
their parents 


Y 


\ 
\4 


The Situation needed time to work on his Raymond 
Carver-esque collection of short stories, Tales from 
My Ball-sack 


The show finally conceded defeat to Gov. Chris 


Christie in the battle over who's the bigger 
embarrassment to New Jersey 


America just couldn't keep up with Ronnie and Sami's 
urbane, Tracy/Hepburn-like banter 


Snooki's baby exceeded the cast's quota for barfing, 
monosyllabic, urine-stained guidos 


The public started to tire of watching a bunch of 
mouth-breathing beach-apes punch or hump 
anything they came into contact with 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT «ФЕ FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS "B" 


ROMANCE BOOKS MUST GIVE READERS THEIR MONEY'S 
WORTH OF BREATHTAKING PASSION AND 
TORRID CLINCHES. LEAD CHARACTERS CAN RELAX 

ONLY LONG ENOUGH TO DISROBE AND 
RETIRE TO BED WHERE THEIR LIBIDO REALLY CHURNS 


FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS “В” 


о 
Ҹә, У We use tobacco grown in 
| nature's ground to make our cigarettes, and 


a logo featuring an American Indian to create 
a brand that’s all about perceived notions of proud 
full-bodied wisdom and a legacy 
of spiritual menthol dignity 
or something. 


EXPECTORATE 
NATIVE 
AMERICAN 


packa for 


BuyAmericanSputum.com ог 


call 1-877-HACKING 
PROMO CODE 09998 


Use those nicotine-stained fingers of yours to type BuyAmericanSputum.com on your yellowed keyboard with the ashes between the keys and check out our website through the blue haze 
hanging in the air in front of your monitor — pretend you're looking out through the morning fog across a field of fragrant tobacco. Take a smoke break while the site loads. And be sure to have a 
pack nearby while you fill out our endless but easily-thwarted age verification form. Or call 1-800-555-5515. Operators are standing by patiently as you work through that spontaneous coughing 
fit that begins as soon as you start speaking. And ladies, forgive our representatives if they call you "sir" — sometimes it's hard to tell. 


CIGARETTES 
SURGEON GENERAL’S WARNING: Smoking While Pregnant Мау 
Result in Dirty Looks and Snide Comments by All Around You, and Our cigarettes are no safer to smoke than 
Potential Worldwide Humiliation When Someone Surreptitiously any other brand, but somehow the whole Eyed 
Snaps Your Photo with a Smartphone and it Ends Up on the Internet. Native American motif helps to discount PARODY 


Also, It's Not Good for the Baby. that fact in your mind, doesn't it? 


