—— — 
m 


ООПООРТНЕНУНОУОЈНАКЕВ- = IVS THE SHIELD 
AW. E] quy] | — ~ 


| ` 
3 [5 Ё = \ 
Е ~ ) P ٠ р g с \ 
| / \ ` ' 
/ / А \ | \ 
/ , ў | 
А / | / \ | 
< / ١ / y y \ | | 
f 1 \ | 
/ = =14 | | 
if / | | j j | 
| 
| \ / / 
/ 
| / — | | 
^ ме 


За MADONNA & BRITNEY! ARNOLD FILO & ВЕН! 
Е | | x | JU ROBES! DAMM УЗ Demme ASHTON 
: з JESSILAT UERALOD! AND MAR 


010 | 
МАРКА АГ НАПИСА Са СПОЈ ИСТЕ 


BESTWICKKOSTONNYOUISTPAS TRANAWHITE 


Рив 


а Pese Warser Comoany 


e Мо а Trans yw 


Inside X — The best of the X Games on DVD, plus stuff iols never been seen 
before: New Tricks, Tips From the Pros, Pre-Comp Rituals, Parties, Celebs, Babes 
and more. Featuring Jamie Bestwick, Eric Koston, Ryan Nyquist, Travis Pastrana 
and Shaun White and many other stars of the action sports world. Inside X gives 
you the ultimate inside access to your favorite athletes...behind the scenes and 
on top of their game. 


and market by Ао Hon 


2003 ESPA ire Varuiacawed 


RAMONES MCS OPERATIC OAR 
AUTHORITY ZERO YEAR OF THE RABBIT PORCUPINE THEE HAY ВАНВЕЕ & MORE 
; 1, SIMPLE PLAN. BLUE MAN GROUP 


SER Available at 
TRANSPORT [Ји i 


www.RhinaTranspart. cam www. EXPN.com 


This compiled иесй, package design and program € 


> =... P" ~ 
, > / Sometimes it seems ^ 
` like only masochists do 
| unto others as they Ë 
\ would have done unto 
1 themselves! 


JANUARY 2004 NUMBER 437 
DEPARTMENTS 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT: 
Random Samplinas of Reader Mail............. НЫ 2 


co 


CLAUS AND DEFECT DEPARTMENT: 
When Department Store Santas Go Bad................................................. 14 


AN EMBARRASSMENT OF RICHARD'S DEPARTMENT: 
Unbend-A-Dent! Home Auto Repair Kit 1. 1... .... 


ANGSTER’S PARADISE DEPARTMENT: 
Monroe and... The Presidency 


i YOU DEPARTMENT: 


^ccicton icicle Knack Knack tAve 
SYAC MIE NTIOCK-NTIOCK E 


SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT: 
А MAD LOOK at the Holidays........................................... 56 


ZING OUT THE OLD DEPARTMENT: 
MAD Counts Down Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 60 


MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT: 
"Drawn Out Dramas" Various Places 
by Sergio Агазопе$,..... GGA Around the Magazine 


FRONT COVER ARTISTS: 
"ALFRED" COVER: MARK FREDRICKSON 
“CELEBRITIES” COVER: BILL WRAY 
PHOTOS; AP/WIDE WORLD PHOTOS 


ISSN 0024 9319) в publisnod monthly by Е.С, Publications, шо, 1700 Broadway. Now York, N.Y, 10019. 
loge poid ot Now York, МУ, ond ct сокола! mailing offices, Subscription in U.S.A: 12 156006 $24.00 ог 
24 issues $45.00 0 36 : 560 00. Outside U.S.A. (including Conodo): 12 issues $30.00 or 24 issues $57.00 or 
36 iss 78 е has GST tox included.) Entire contents © copyright 2003 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 
ress fo become elective, and include moiling label when making € change of oddress 

ER lo MAD. Р.О. Box 52345 Boulder, CO 80322- 
inascilpls, und request oll monuscripts be 
Y chorarters used In al MD fiction and 


DU by Copyright © 2006 by EC. Publications, Inc. ^ ** 


In issue #434 on the Letters Page 
there was a creep with the name “222" 
from "MAD's Photo Personals Gallery — 
The Men" in MAD #432. At my job 
there is an idiot who looks just like him. 
He calls himself the Кта of Swing. | am 
enclosing a photo look-a-like of him for 
all those girls who arc hot to trot. 


James Chmielinski, Glendale, NY 


Jimski 一 We don't really know or care if your 
friend does look like that loser "???" from the 
MAD personals gallery. All we know Is that we 
like his head, so we're going to sprinkle it all 

over the Letters Page. Enjoy! —Ed. 


Рга а new dad! Jonathan is onc усаг 
old, Where did the time go? Soon he'll 
be in college, making out with girls and 
reading MAD. What shall | tell him 
when he asks me the inevitable question: 
“Dad, do you think | should see the 
movie first, or read the MAD satire first?" 


Tom Cutrofello, Woodside, NY 


Tommy Boy — You say you have images of 
your child grown up, in college, making out 
with gírls and reading MAD? We got some 

bad news for you — we think you should 
revise your statement. If he's reading MAD, 
he's probably not going to be making out with 
girls and he sure as hell isn't going to college! 
So, in answer to the question, we advise him 
10 go ahead, see the movie first and then read 
the satire. After all, you'll be saving а 
ton of money on tuition! —Ed. 


| came поте from school the other 
day to find MAD magazine in my mail- 
box. As | inspected the cover more 
carefully, | found Alfred was wearing 
adidas sneakers. Then | realized that 
MAD may be getting paid off by adidas 
to send subliminal messages to teenagers 
across the world. | am very concerned 
that MAD has turned corrupt. | would 
like an honest answer to my question 
and hope деапу that my conspiracy 
theory is wrong. 


Ryo Brown-McClain, Kent, CT 


Ham on Ryo — After reading your accusatory 
letter, the lenses nearly popped out of our 
fashionahle Calvin Klein eyeglass frames. In 
fact, our heads were throbbing so hard we had 
to take two fast-acting Tylenol Gelcaps, which 
we washed down with a delicious Starbucks 
Frappuccino. Only after we listened to a few 
soothing tracks from Sting's revolutionary new 
release Sacred Love on 
our sleek and trendy 
iPod were we calm 
enough to sit back 
down а! our affordable 
and reliable Compaq 
computer to answer 
your missive. To your 
question we reply, 
“AFLAC!” —Ed. 


A v 


As an avid, multi-decade reader of MAD, | 
| have long regarded your unparalleled 
publication as not only the pinnacle of 
enlightenment, but as the ultimate bastion | 
of vcracity. For this reason, it is with 
implacable distress and sorrow that | am 
compelled to confront you regarding the 
blatant and egregious inaccuaracy 
besmirching issue #434 In the article 
titled "Self-Defeating Consequences in 
Modern American Life.” It is quite true, as 
Mike Snider cogently claims, that "...now 
it takes only a couple of crooked accoun- 
tants and CFOs to bankrupt the compa- 
ny, screw its employees and shareholders 
and wreak havoc on the whole damn 
U.S. economy." However, Paul Coker's 
accompanying illustration clearly depicts 
a pair of anguish-visaged examples of the 
said offending scalawags being led away 
by authorities apparently anxious to mete 
out justice. Ahhh, my good sirs, this may 
have once been the case, in the halcyon 
days of rational democratic rule, but in 
this day and age of "Greed as Governance" 
it is well known by everyone — including 
the wretch in the qutter — that now these 
selfsame churls instead luxuriate in the 
zillion-quadrillions of dollars they garner 
in the form of yearly salaries, innumer- 
able bonuses and modest severance 
packages awarded them for bankrupting 
the company, screwing Its employees and 
shareholders and wreaking havoc on the 
whole damn U.S. economy. Mr. Coker 
plainly screwed the pooch on this one! 


Mark L. Hummer, Los Angeles, CA 


Humvee — We have taken Ihe liberty of defin- 
Ing some of the more challenging words In 
your succinct and coherent missive. Bastion: 
something that is considered a stronghold; 
visage: cast of features that express emotion 
or character; halcyon: pleasingly or idyllically 
calm or peaceful; Mark L. Hummer: pompous, 
pointless freak-a-doo. Thanks for writing! —Ed. 


| 


this picture with Sean Astin on 
9, 2003 at Wizard World Chicago. 


Thought you may enjoy it. Not only did 

Í get him 10 pose with the Senis but | 
also got him to sign it! And it’s even the 
Lord of the Rings issue at that! Now come 
on and make it worth my while. Show 

me the love! we 


Kelly Thye, Cincinnati, OH 


Thye Me A River - 
Sean "Sam Gamge 
Chicago is cool, bu 


eah, your snap of 
Astin from Wizard World 


ош should have been at 


Wizard World Poughkeeps where the keynote 


Speaker was n 


Y^ 


Te 


other than Paul “Uncredited 


Orc" Holmes! We didn’t manage to snap a 


with you! (And 


Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


picture, bu 
story that wou 
Anyway, congrats on 
subscription and may the force be 


est assured he could weave a 
uld put Tolkien himself to shame! 
r one-year - 


ау, ° 
k our Elvish- 


The Return of the King outtakes 


| оп page 18!) —Ed. 


People tend to look at you differently 
when you stuff a voodoo doll full of laxatives. 


Mild Violence 


You and Vince, the third best voodoo doll in Madam 
Charmaine's shop, are charged with rescuing his maker 
from the evil Kosmo the Inscrutable. To get by pit frogs, 
imps, Killàdillos and more оп the exotic streets of New 
Orleans, Vince must use his best weapon, himself. See 
Vince jump into a blender, stick himself with a pitchfork, 
step into а beartrap and over 25 ways in which Vince can 
hurt himself, which means he's really helping himself. it's good to play together 


gamexatudios So don't feel bad for Vince. It's what he does best хбох.сот/моодоом псе 


$52003 Microsott Corporation: All rights reserved. Microsoft. the Microsatt Games Studio logo. Voodoo Vince. Xbox. and the Xbox logos are either registered trademarks oc trademarks أن‎ the Microsoft 
Garporation іп the United States andor amer countries. The ratings ican كا‎ а trademark أن‎ the Interactive Entertainment Ratings Board The names of actual products and companies mentioned herein 
may he trademarks of their respective owners 


ht © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


| have a wish for the Wake 4 Dumb 
Wish Foundation”! My wish is to have 
people who live on Instant Messenger 
made fun of. This is my wish because 
all my sister does is "IM" people all day. 


Mike | uihil, Pepperell, MA 


Lube Job — Although we here at the ate 
74 Dumb Wisk Foundation™ are in the busi- 
ness of making dumb wishes come true, we 
are sad to report that we can't grant you your 
wish. We suspect you made it because you ore 
unfamiliar with the hidden intricacies of 
Instant Messenger. So, In order for you to bet- 


This month's Cemetery Snap 
comes from Jonathan, Emily 
and Grace Pierce of East 
Montpelier, VT. A beautiful day 
provides the perfect opportu- 
nity to introduce your young 
ones to the giants of literature, 
as well as the inescapable 
specter of death! Enjoy your 
one-year subscription, Jon, 

and the years of therapy to 

quell the haunting memories! 


ter understand your sister's obsession, we're 
happy to provide this handy glossary of chat 
room jargon: 


LOL — Loughing Out Loud 


КИЛ АГА "ч 


зопам@ Emily and. Grace Perte po 


atihe grave of Mark © 


Twain, who is buried in Woódlawn Cemetery in Elmira, NY-.. 


| Report&óf his death are no longer greatly exaggerated! - 8 


LAM — Laughing Abou! Midgets 
AAWTSFC — Alone And Watching 
The Sci-Fi Channel 

IJDAWBOMS — I Just Drank 

А Whole Bottle Of Maple Syrup چک‎ 
INUMFTTT — I’m Not Using Му «2,0. = 
Fingers To Type This 


So, Mike, we hope this helps you bridge the 
gap between you and your cyber-happy sister. 
Thanks for writing to the Wake +£ Dams 
Wak Foundation™! —Ed. 


THE MAD ZEPPELIN? 


Hi there MAD magazine. The MADdest 
things fly over our house! I guess this 
hot air balloon is like MAD — full of hot 
air! MAD is very difficult to get hold of 
in the CK. Гуе just got #135. | won't 
subscribe to MAD unless you print this 
letter and picture! 


Nick Alderson, Oxon, England 


Nickelback — A deal's a deal, sucker! Kindly 
make your check or money order payable to 
MAD magazine! 


r пасту 
IT'S NOT EASY 
BEING DEAN 
sidential ca 
'ently, when | met Presidential ‹ c 
а Dean, | said, "Pardon me, Gove ae 
can | get a photo with you and this MA 


i ; ed so you're on the 
maaazine that | changed 50 5 г 
er" He said, “Yes, I like that Later 


while giving his speech he flubbed a line and 
remarked, “That will probably end up in 
MAD magazine.” | think he’s a fan 


ndidate 


cove 


Tom Anderson, Ukiah, CA 


IUD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


ADDRESSING A 
HEAVY ISSUE 


1 am writing to you because there are 
a lot of people who make fun of fat 
kids. Since 1 am a fat kid, | was wonder- 
ing il you could make fun of skinny 
kids. | urge you to do so. 


Chris O'Connor, Setauket, NY 


The 0'С — In the past, we have taken some 
potshots at heavier members of the popula- 
tion. But in truth, our barbs have merely been 
the result of a misdirected jealousy. As every- 
one knows, fat people are universally loved. 
Don't believe us? Look no further than hard- 
rockin’ rascal Jack Black, TV's loveable lum- 
mox John Goodman, Queen of Soul Aretha 
Franklin and, of course, the man they call 
Santa Claus. Meanwhile, who do skinny peo- 
ple get? White trash rapper Kid Rock, living- 
skeleton actress Lara Flynn Boyle, the 
inexplicably famous Hilton sisters 
and, of course, Osama bin Laden 
(who's getting skinnier by the 
minute). The people have spoken 一 
and they have spoken with their 
mouths full — obesity rules! —Ed. 


MAD’S BREAKING NEWS"! 


1 have recently been suspended for 
fighting. The reason was because | was 
defending myself. Should | gct suspended 
or not? If not, please tell my Mom. 


Nick Towstopiat, Gilroy, CA 


Tow-truck — Violence is never the answer. 
Even if you had to defend yourself, you had 
many other options. You could have simply 
walked away, you could have hidden in the 
janitor's closet (Tell Bud we say hi!) for the 
rest of the semester, or you could have written 
a scathing but spritely musical send-up about 
the whole sordid affair (unless the bully's 
name was Orange — because as everyone 
knows, nothing rhymes with "orange"). 
Number three always worked best for us — 
and we have six Southern Conference 
Regional Theatre Certificates of Participation 
10 prove it! As for your mom, let her find out 
on opening night. Break a leg! —Ed. 

P.S. if any of you has something you are 

toa ashamed 10 tell someone, let us tell them 

for youl Just send the scandalous 411 10 

Amy "The Big Breaker” c/o MAD Magazine, 

1700 Broadway, NY, NY 10019. 


Occasional Letters Page contributor 
and full-time MAD aficionado (a little 
too full-time if you catch our drift) Tom 
Anderson sent in this photo of himself, 
Howard Dcan and his version of 
MAD #395. Expect to hear from both 
the Secret Service and our legal team! 


The REAL MAD #395 covers 


to reality wÀ 
пио те о а кате: 


Witness the birth of true mobile entertainment gear. 
It's freedom to go, do and play when you want — where you want. 


| 
| from conception [E pecado 
| 
| 


Get console-quality gaming with analog controller, 
АЕ triggers and action button array. 


relessly with up to 8 players using built-in Bluetooth® 
Listen to MP3s on stereo speakers or included earbuds. 
Watch videos and view your photo library on the big, 
high-res, backlit color display. 
уна Sq Create Microsoft? 


POWERED 


www.tapwave.com 


Good grief! It's an all-new compilation 
of MAD's send-ups of the comics! On 
sale now wherever books containing 


MH AL This month's MAD Fan of the Month is 
Jordan Telford of British Columbia, Canada 
who calls himself our 1 Canadian fan! 
Hmmm...#1 Canadian MAD fan...th : 


at's sorta 
like Бета France's #1 mons 


send-ups of the comics are soldi ter truck fan! 


Here is my interpretation of 
MAD's number one least 

wanted American. | wasted а 

qood deck of cards on him! 


Josh Hale, Limingon, МЕ 


~ Josh Pit — It is clear that you 
are literally not playing with a 
full deck! We wouldn't want to 
be in your shoes the next time 
your pals come over for a rous- 
ing game of Go Fish! Come to 
think of it, judging by your use of free 
lime, we wouldn't want to be in your 
shoes period! —Ed. 


Josh's creation — actual size 11" x 7" 


` rhe 
| 


OUR MAD EXPOSÉ ON 
REJECTED SUPERHEROES — 
FEATURING THE ARTWORK OF 
COMIC BOOK GIANTS JIM LEE. 
FRANK MILLER, J. SCOTT CAMPBELL, 
JOHN BYRNE. DAVE GIBBONS, 
JOHN ROMITA, JR., MICHAEL ALLRED, 

AND ARTHUR ADAMS! 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


William M. Gaines 
founder 


Nick Meglin, John Ficarra 
editors 


Editorial: 


Charlie Kadau, Joe Ralola 
senior editors 


Amy Vozeolas, 
Greg Leitman, Dave Croatto 
associate editors 


Dick DeBartolo creative consultant 


Art Department: 
Sam Viviano ari director 
Nadina Simon associate art director 
Patricia Dwyer assistant ari director 


Ryan Flanders, Brian Durniak 
production artists 


Leonard Brenner graphics consultant 


Administration: 
Paul Levirz president and publisher 
Georg Brewer vp — design k retail product development 
Richard Bruning vp — creative director 
Patrick Caldon senior vp — finance & operations 
Chris Caromalis vp — finance 
Terri Cunningham vp — managing editor 
Dan DiDio vp — editorial 
Alison Gill vp — manufacturing 
Lillian Laserson senior vp & general counsel 
David MeKillips ур — advertising & custom publishing 
John Nee vp 一 business dovciopment 
Cheryl Rubin vp — brand management 
Bob Wayne vp — sales & morketing 


Contributing Artists 
And Writers 
the usual gang of idiots 


For SUBSCRIPTION Questions: 

Go to the MAD website! All you 
need is your name and zip code to 
renew, change your address, give a 

gift subscription, check your account 
balance and expiration dates or to 
request a missing issue. Just go to 
www.madmag.com or call 1-800- 
4MADMAG (U.S. and Canada only) ог 
write to P.O. Box 52345, Boulder, CO 
80322-23451 Please DO NOT phone, 
write, fax or e-mail our New York office 
— we're too dumb to help you here! 


HOW TO REACH US 
Please Address Correspondence To: 
MAD, Dept. 437, 1700 Broadway, 
New York, New York, 10019. 
MAD welcomes reader submissions. 
Manuscripts will not be returned 
or acknowledged, however, unless 
they are accompanied by a self- 
addressed, stamped envelope! MAD 
doesn't read faxed submissions! 


г MA 719 ENL ARAN 
Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 


GCHAR TW. BURTON. COM FOR DETAILS. a9 
DEMO 
TOUR 


ХА КУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


LEES, A CHIKLIS WONDER DEPT. 
SS 
There's a hot series on cable TV about 
a group of rogue detectives working out 
of a grimy police precinct in L.A. They 
beat suspects, punch witnesses, slap 
bystanders and shoot whomever they feel 
like! Truth is, anyone who comes in contact 
with these guys is going to need serious 
medical coverage like the Blue Cross and... 


| I'm Detective Sick Wacky! | was named head of a l'm Detective Shame Tendril and | work for I'm Detective Laundrette Whims! 
special Strike Team established to stop crimes by Wacky on the Strike Team! With my partners | follow police procedure by 

| going undercover in this district. Of course, since this "Lemonfed" and Goreocki, our job Is to the book — thats what prevents 

| is an overwhelminaly Black and Latino district. mix in with the filthy lowlifes and smelly me from shooting my partner, 

| having four white guys go undercover is like sending creeps in our district! We beat suspects. "Botch" Wagonblast! He's so 

| 


punch witnesses, slap bystanders and shoot 
whomever we feel like! Truth is, anyone who 
comes In contact with us guys Is golng to need 
serious medical coverage, like the Blue Cross 
| and the Blue Shield! | know this line was used 
in the intro above, but MAD readers are filthy 
lowlifes and smelly creeps who don't read 
intros. so why should we waste a good gag? 


Eum] 
WANTED 
| d 


slow he thinks | appreciate 
him as a detective because I'm 
always telling him ne needs to 
"get a clue"! This is a tough 
district to work in. but | know 
how we could cut crime here 
by 5096 — by putting Wacky 
and his Team behind bars! 


The Donnas to infiltrate thc Taliban! We came up with 
a good way to blend in with the robbers and dealers, 
though — we rob and deal too! But don't get me 
wrong. | became a cop because | hate street hustlers. 
pushers, con men, gangbangers and muggers! Why do 
| hate them so much? | hate them because they prey 
on the weak, because of the way they hurt society. 
But mainly, | hate them because they have hair! 


I'm Detective Tavern Fairest! 
| was named the new member 


Im Officer Julienne ... Which leads 
Й Slow and this is my to sorne tense 


think | was sent to this precinct to get rid of the 


drifters. petty thieves. druggies and pervs! Nothing of the Strike Team to make it | partner. Cranny Sofa! moments 
could be further from the truthi This area is so bad, more diverse! Only thing is, | We're beat cops with when we're 
those are the kinds of people we're trying to attract Wacky and his men never talk issues, since Cranny trying to 
4 to upgrade the place! Look, | know Wacky Strike when I'm around and keep is desperate to find decide who 
Team is corrupt, but since I'm running for City me in tne dark about their a man and I'm gets to frisk 
Council. l'm keeping it quiet. | hope I'm elected cases — in fact, this is the only desperately trying the handsome [- 
it'd be great to get into politics and away from all | time | appear in this satire! So to live a straight life male 


this corruption — or ат | missing something? lé) much for affirmative action! even though I'm gay... suspects! 


7 e | wé 14 canu — ` 
RAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Listen to me. punk | | Whos that He's good! — š — 
— do things my sadistic That's the Remind _ Hey, Sick! | Are you No, we're bringing 
way or | put your guy over precinct's me to just picked up | | bringing those them TO the house of 

balls In a vise! Шеге? new anger set up | the handguns, fram the the suspect so we can 

Then | get out my He's management | | a lunch | knives and house of the plant them! | have a 

knife... y brutall counselor! with him! bullets you suspect you're feeling we're доппа get 


ou follow? 


] asked me to! investigating? || | a conviction on this one! 


У 


Geez! Or К could 
Or maybe it's that MTV НА be a Curly Howard 
guy. Matt Pinfield, f stalker or someone 
since you ripped off with a Mr. Clean 
his "fat bald guy in № fetish — I'm 
leather" persona! 4 @%&$1п` screwed! 


À NT 4 


Oh, $#@&! | could be in 
danger! So could my family! 
Do you think it's someone 
| put in prison? A druglord 
| double-crossed? А gang 
leader | leaned on too hard? 


Hey, Sick! Word 
on the street 
is someone's 

looking for you 

and they're 
not happy! 


Maybe it's Denzel 
Washington, since you 
ripped off his "ethically 

challenged" street detective 
character from Training Day! 
; : 一 


It looks like 
the victim had 
his throat cut! 

p 
|| Here's а box- 
|| cutter! Let's send 
it to thc lab for 
fingerprints! 


You picked 

1 it up in your № 
bare hand 
— YOUR 

fingerprints 

are going to 
be on itl 


MY fingerprints? 
Then I'm a suspect! 
| have to be 
taken off this case 
immediately! 
It's an obvious 
conflict of interest! 


Why do 1 get 


the feeling that № 


with this putz 


"| as my partner 


we won't even 

be able to solve 
a TV Guide 
crossword? 


Damn! Those 
homophobic 
cops have 
pasted pictures 
of nude men 
in my locker 

again! 


That's 


I'm going to 
talk to them 
and tell them 

to stop it! 


You do and 
РИ scratch 
your 
eyes out! 
Oops! I'm 
slipping 


— " лаве > пуко `”. — — —— 


= ——— — — 
Chorine! Someone's — = Then come : — — | Yeah? That's kids | | Get the | 
| looking for me, maybe gm Now that you destroyed | stay with me! / No! You're a bad a chip off the old | | &%#@ 
| for revenge! And they | | the door lock and burglar You know! | / influence! The other day block! Let me | || outof 
| may be after you and the | | alarm by breaking into | want you and your son used a Nerf go get ту cut 一 | || here 
Kids, too! | want you to | my house to tell те that. | gun to shake his sister | Ilove Snickers! || and 
stay here where it's safe! | | feel perfectly safe! down for a Snickers bar! L 一 一 = stay out! 


Ags 4 a 


©9085! | just heard they =g | НАР to lean Worse — he We just had a woman м gy Damnedest 
found a female witness who | forgot on him and saw me heing here who witnessed the thing! We 
saw me beating up that guy — why rough him up! Something | | NICE to some- unsolved assault the put her in а 
the other day! If I'm identi- were you The *@#-hole illegal or one! He opens other day. She gave a room with 
fled, I'm screwed! We've beating saw me doing № against the hls $%#&in' ] description ог the perp! a police 
qot to get to that witness that quy something! police code mouth and sketch 


first and shut her up! up again? of conduct? I'm ruined! 


artist... 


...and she described Ignore Well. Sick. it Yeah. it seems like that happens almost E It was in 
Wooly Willyl You know. the bitch! looks like we just | | every week! But it does make me think. What 8 this book | 
that toy where you use She's missed being Do the ends really justify the means? made you ripped off 
a magnet to give him a obviously exposed as Is it OK to break the law to capture think | from some 

criminals and qet felons off the street? about crippled У 


beard arid sideburns? a nut job! violent, corrupt 
Ж сорѕ опсе адаіп! 


Or аге we all ethically bankrupt? that? guy! 


10 


AX и 

My personal vending 

machine! You won't 
believe how rnany cases 

I've cracked with this baby! 


We have a pretty good idea who 
the murderer is in that case we're 
investigating, but we still can't connect 1 go to a crime scene, | always 
the dots! Sick, you always manage to stop at the vending machine! 
find incriminating evidence in the suspect's r I LEE | 
house! How do you conduct your searches? What vending machinc? 


| don't conduct them any Xi 
differently than you do! But before jf 


Well, that Some- No, all these 


guy doesn't times But we saw You mean the fact jerky, shaky, 
[| know who's | | with street him selling Hmmm, I'm beginning that you're an hand-held, 
looking for || informants crack to to see why you got a honest, by-the-book pseudo-docu- 
те! you have schoolkids! "needs improvement" cop in a precinct rife| | mentary camera 
- And that was in "prioritizing work" with corruption shots! My eyes 


after he knifed and sleaze? 


the пип! 


on your last job 


are flipping out! 
performance review! Š 


5 А = 
All right, you scum! What do you 

know? Who's looking for me? 

Spill it or I'm gonna bust your | don't 
E%Ş@in’ head! Listen, dungheap, know 

talk or I'm breaking your arm! anything! 


Lo" ) < 


Okay, this guy might 
know something about 
whoever's looking for me. 
Let's try the "good cop/ 
bad cop" routine on him! 


S 


4 я № ad y 
| EXAM Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. > 


I'm worried your Release Say it! ; “Botch” was able to get the mur- 
civilian audit of this I'm not sure, but | can tell the Go ahead, say it! der suspect to confess! Maybe 
precinct is going to you the audit will be as audit — | he's not such a bad detective 
affect my chances of accurate as my last report, I have All right! I'll sign after all! | wonder where he 
being elected Lo Ше | which said there would be | | nothing the confession! learned to relentlessly browbeat 


City Council! Can you no environmental damage PH sign! Just Ё someone to agree to sign even 
hold back its release if we drilled for oil in the stop this mental M though the suspect didn't want № marketer 


a UCET Ln 


until after the election? Arctic Wildlife Refuge! i torture! Please! | tol At the Police Academy? for AT&TI 


PrI Wase 

Hell no! The way you and your team 
operate is just what my team has 

been doing in Washington — and all 

over the world! In fact. there's a few 

little problems in the Middle East | 

you'd be perfect to help me with... f 


zaj py 


ent George W. Bush! 
i —. 1 

That's right, 
Wacky, and I've been 
observatizing you and 
your Strike Team! 


Gulp! Are we the focus 
of a Justice Department 
investigation because of 
our corrupt ethics. 
morals and methods? 


~~) 
...Presi 


Captain, фе Far from it! We're working for the White Okay, Sick, or should | say "General" Man, that 
| | What? Did your House now! Seems they need to make Sick! We've got plutonium, , vending 
consciences sure some weapons of mass destruction nuclear detonators, biological machine is 
finally catch are found in Iraq! We're going over agents, ICBM launchers... incredible! 
there to “look” for them...you follow? у 


У 


ита y (oup ©з. 2b, 24. x LLL 
гуана: № LM Мазар F 2 
| قىت ع ل‎ ы ва. 4 
КЕ 5 а 


12 


RI) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc 


POWER tools 


AGIC ` 


he Gathering” 


ONLINE 


Arm yourself with new Artifact Equipment cards in the Magic: The 
Gathering” Mirrodin set. It all goes down in a harsh metal world, 
teeming with deadly new creatures and spells. To survive, you'll need 
to handle your weapons with skill and fury. 


Demo tHe çame at 
тастстнесатневмс.сот 


D Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc 


(El CLAUS AND DEFECT DEPT. 


When you think of Christmas, what comes to mind? Well, presents, good will towards men, presents, the birth of Jesus and 
presents! One of the great things about this holiday is being able to go straight to the source to request the gifts you want. 
That's right, spending a few minutes on Santa's lap will guarantee that you get the PlayStation 2 that's on your list! 
Usually this is a hassle-free process, but what if you get 
stuck with a less-than-jolly old elf? You'd witness... 


JOHN CALDWELL 5 


GET HE Kip 
OFF MY КМЕЕ! 
AAAURGH! 


ONCE ‘You TURN YOUR MOM 
ON TO $T. NICK’S MIRACLE 
WEIGHT-LOSS SALVE, YM 
SURE SHE'LL WANT TO 

TELL ALL НЕК FRIENDS 
AND NEIGHBORS! 


Rampant 
LET ME PUT You Bown € of the 
FOR El workmen's 
EIGHT GROSS... comp system. 


Turns the 
whole gig into 
a convenient 
vehicle for a 
fly-by-night 
pyramid scam. 


Takes 
advantage 
of the free 
disguise to 
commit a 
series of 
off-hour 
convenience 
store heists. 


ARTIST AND 
WRITER: 
JOHN CALDWELL 


AND TRY TO MAKE [T LOOK Runs a thinly- 50, NICKYS BEEN A 


Like A CHIMNEY ACCIDENT. disguised, | VERY Goo EOF xis vela 
h ١ TN. broad daylight ашта УКУ а 
bookmaking es 
operation. «IHE PANTHERS Pius 


аус ч m. Y THREE AT THE 
zy MEADOWLANDS ... 


Риба 
contract 
out on a 
jolly, more 
| popular 
rival store 
Santa. 


Frightens 
kids with his 
more Pagan 
interpretation 
of Christmas. 


БАЦАСКА HEH, 
НЕМ, КАМЕН, HEH, 
НЕН, HEH..... 


Coodbye to 
"ho ho ho" 
and hello to 
"bone-chilling, 
high-pitched 
evil cackle." 


Uses innocent 
kids to pass 
lewd notes to 
the hotties in 
cosmetics. 


JOHN CAUZWELL. s UJhen. 


Ка 


ЖА : Uses special 
Ла N "knee slide" 
4 YN eost Би үч maneuver 
aS " to convince 
certain moms 
it might be 
safer if they 
sat on his 
= lap instead. 


(t 


TINKLE 
CLUNK? 
Tink ! 


ачк LL Pillows under costume 
A o a are often stuffed with 
Ee pes J As. Sy pilfered store merchandise. 


Ix 
ET 


E. 
e 3 
me 


Santa's 

helpers j 
replaced 
by Santa's © A! 
posse. T 


WOAH! BACK ОЕЕ 
ЕОЕЕУ! LOOKS 
LIKE SANTA’ S 


His belly 
GOT HIMSELF shakes like 
A CREATURE а bowlful of — 
STIRRING. Colt 45 and 
soup kitchen YoU WANT A i 
pot roast. MALIBU / JUMPIN 


2121 ЈЕНОФОРЦАТ! 
BARBIE ?!?! Г JNO ror 


WAVE WE 


Practices 
random acts 
of public 
humiliation. 


== PA LER ^ - 
Ð Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Move with your music 


The Creative NOMAD' MuVo' NX is an easy-to-use 
MP3 player that stores up to 12 CDs for skip-free music 
enjoyment. Put the fun back in your work-out! 


(S R D ATIVE Comes with headphones, sports armband and beltclip зе + | 


NOMAD Built-in mic for voice recording - USB storage device no cables required 


Момо NX ...2 tiny, ultra-light MP3 player 


5-band custom equalizer - Cool interchangeable body colors included 


Get More from Your Music 


| Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


£g LOOK WHO'S TOLKIEN DEPT. 


AVLZXDs EPIC OUTTAKES FROM 1 
THE [ОВО OF THE RINGS ~ 
THE RETURN __ 


That smartass wizard 
Gandalf thinks he’s sooo 
funny ~ lll show him 
exactly how many 
Hobbits it takes to 


screw in a light bulb! Make me 


stand outside 
when I want 
a smoke?! I'm 
the freakin’ 
Wizard for 
God’s sake! 


m... سش‎ 


s 
IT x= 


The forces of evil are about to plunge mue Y GUI I 
Middle-earth into darkness — don't judge me if ШШШ === ОЕ em 
; = " е EE trusted Gollum, and 
I have a drink or two to take the edge off! P M E 
| then he goes and 


pulls а prank like 
shaving our feet 


while were sleeping! 


Do we really have to fióht 
this "Battle of the Pelennor 
Fields"? ТЕ I get blood on this 


Нел Which one of vo white robe, the stains will бег L 
J 5 x 3 alter 3 
never come out in the wash! atter La 


ate. all my Chex Mix?! ; 
ы 5 A | 3 r “м 


So I took the ring to Mount Doom and was all set to 
destroy it — but when I tossed it into the fire, some 
stupid Cubs fan stuck his hands out and interfered! 


Psst! Hey, Whitey, it's me, На! 
Don't you remember? We were 
both extras in Seabiscuil! 


YEN TERIS cale 


So you're saying that from here 
We desperately on, шу whole career will just 
sed РАБА š : be personal appearances at 
PHG 40 а а Lord of the Rings fan conventions’! 
don’t have to see. 
this kind of thing! 


: I was kidding! Theres 
ЩЙ по Lord of the Rings IV 
in the works! 


LIER 


e ابيب‎ Ls u ¿5 


Hmm..it's a little tight 
around the waist — let's 
try the next larger size! 


Е ЗЧ АЕ де ар Spem шнын саз даа سه‎ ain MM 


“С. Publications, Inc. = — 


Kobe Gifts His Wife: Ç 
The Fraud of the Ring Bombs Away on an Infamous Duo 
Bong-Seller Tommy Chong 
Does Time in the Joint 


William Bennett Gambles 


na: with His Credibility 


Madon 
Like а Children's Author 
Dixie Chieks Backlash: Even 


Cowgirls Get the Boos Kid Notorious: Редорћце 


Roman Polanski Gets a 


3 | Standing Ovation at the Oscars 
The Not-So-Incredible Hulk 


Britney and Madonna 


" TU 
Shamelessly Swap Spit he California Recall 


Media Circus of the Stars 


The Misinformation of the 


Iraqi Minister of Information Get a Download of This; The 


Musie Industry Sues File Sharers 


Clay @ Ruben: 


Worshipping False Idols The Nine 


| Democratic Presidential 
hettopoly Does Not Pass Go Candidates: + 2 
Jayson Butchers The New 
York Times: All the 
Lies He Saw Fit to Print 


$woosh: Nike Drops $90 Million 
in LeBron's Bank Account 


Sammy Sosa's Grand Sham D'oh! Jessica Replaces Homer 


^ as I V's Dumbest Simpson 
President Bush's Mis-Stute p 


of the Union Address 


Pedro Martinez us. Don Zimmer 


And the Whiner Is.. 


7 The Fall of Geraldo 
Michael Moore's Oscar Speech Fathead Dr. Phil's 


Weight Loss Plan George М Bush: 
Dm em Full Metal Jackass 
_ G — ( 
= 4 That Clueless Cubs 
Hillary's Story: | Fan's Foul Play 
First Lady 


and the Tramp Demi and Ashton: Dude, 


Where's My P.R.? 


Ben & |105 Pre-Nuptial 


Millionaire: $ 
ا‎ Disagreement 


hump Changed 


Thinki ng Inside the Box: Man 


Rush Limbaugh Ships Himself Cross-Country 


Fumbles on FSPN 


De the Writ Thing: 
Spike Lee Sues Spike TV 
Internet Gambling on Terror 


Attacks: Another 940 4 to 1 David Blaine: 


Ballplayer Saves Fans from jackassin the Box 


Rampaging Sausage Mascot 
| | The Jimmy 
What's the Frequency, Khallid?: Kimmel Show 
Dan Rather Sucks Up 
to Saddam Hussein 
Alabama Judg: 
Unfair and Imbalanced: FOX Plays Moses 


News Sues Al Franken 


Husband-Beater Liza: 
Her Biggest Hitin Years 


Dim Bulb Power Companies 


Black Out the East Coast Straight and Narrow-Minded: 
The Anti-Gay Crusade 


LI S LL i 3D Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc 


Monkeypox 


Homeland Security: 
Freedom Fries: The Duct Starts Here 


uper-Sized Patriotism 
PT 


THE CALIFORNIA RECALL: меша Circus Of The Stars 


Even the ass-headed, ultra-right-wing zealots who initiated the recall against hated, ass-headed, ultra-left-wing California Governor 
Gray Davis couldn't have envisioned the circus, nay, travesty that unfolded, Every wack job, nimrod and nut sack slithered out of the 
woodwork to run, including a paraplegic pornographer, a washed-up child star, a shrill, blowhard liberal columnist and an unintelligible, 
boob-groping, piss-poor actor (although we did Find him “devilishly delightful" in Kindergarten Сор). It's often said that voters get the 
politicians they deserve, So what mind-bendingly debauched and eternally damning thing did Californians do to deserve this? 


ag 
1 


SCHWARZ 


VT 


TERM ELIMINATOR 


RISE OF THE POLITICAL MACHINES 


WRITER: ANDREW J. SCHWAFTZBERG 


ARTIST: STEVE CHORNEY 


22 [К Ð Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


42a 


ow | 
UTTO 


_ ресин 


ТҮҮ 
AUN D 


has made a career of embarrassing himself on national TV. And this year, when the military threw him out of Iraq affer he 
drew a map in the sand revealing the classified location of U.S. troops, he without question solidified his place as the 
biggest moron in the history of television journalism. [They get FOX news in Baghdad, you see.) We only wish Geraldo 
would take а page From Saddam's playbook and go into hiding too, though we doubt anyone would go looking for him. 


| 
| 
f 
' 
| 
| 
| 
| 


| 


— 


ATI fi Ceti in = 
b the GAME am 


What's hotter than Half-Life 2? Playing Half-Life 2 on your PC with one of ATI's 
RADEON" 9800 or RADEON" 9600 series graphics cards. Its the best" way to experience 
Half-Life 2. Nothing is more immersive. Nothing is more intense. Nothing is more real. 
Half-Life 2 and RADEON" are ready. Are you? 


HALF-LIFE? ATI's latest RADEON" series — The preferred graphics solution for Half-Life 2. 


| ATI хацеол . www. Sabah Sr ais anise TA E 


Copyright 2003. ATI Technologies Inc. Ай rights reserved. ATI and t te в RADEON are 

Маме Corporation. All nights reserved. Valve. the Lambda logo. Half Life and the H; 

*ATI's ПАОСОМ 3000XT 256MD ООП compared with Nvidia Geforce во 
7 


IF there's one thing The Anna Nicole Show taught us, it’s that reality TV can quickly expose a celebrity's brain-dead spoiled side and 
turn her Info a national punchline. You'd have fo he an idiot not to have learned that — which brinys us tu Jessica Simpson and her 
show, Newlyweds. What to say about a woman who can't figure out if Chicken 0] The Sea is tuna or chicken and thinks that buffalo 
wings came from buffalos? Well, iF he else, this goes a long way towards explaining why she never goes near the pu-pu platter. 


\ 1 йү, "My Brave Strug اي‎ on Table 


Houlehold Tips: т 
> Removing dead mouses from P Jacuzzi ЖҮЛ; 
» diam | eer house in 27 7 easy steps 

> How to сіва | 


ill 0 
M 


Po = 


Our Editors Help J& 
Read Your arcc 


ІСК ГАСНЕТ 007: ON ‘ Ш 
FINDING A сову ресе ШШЕН 


PHOTOGRAPHER; IRVING SCHILD 


THERE'S NO KILL > 
LIKE OVEAKILL. 


Meet the Lionhearts. А smack-talking rag-tag band of rebels bound оп ап impossible quest. With ап arsenal of 
outrageous Weapons, they're destined for victory in 12,000 bullets or less. If they caw make it through ап army 
of Psychotic robots and Wal|-S$maShing Goliaths, they just might save the World...if they don't burm it down first. 


Visit www.esrb.org LAN 
or call 1-800-771-3772 X РС 
rj 
я 


armed.|ucasarts.com 


for more ratings Adan амин ROM 


information NOS 


ЖЯ ED Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


~ | 1 | М m, | | به‎ | k " k [É r | m ١ | 

s =A Lit} T ©. ( | : 11] 
Ah, Sammy Susa, six-time Serum збу of 539 dingers and the only iris with three 60-plus homer seasons. But the "achievement" we'll now 
best remember him for is getting caught red-handed using an illegal corked bat against those mighty Tampa Bay Devil Rays (hey, they lost о only 99 
games fhis year]! Sammy's excuse: he "accidentally" pulled out the bat he uses to put on pre-game homer displays For fans and "would never" cheat. 


Yeah, right, like the Cubs could ever make the playoffs without cheating. 


TOASTED С 
= CHAMPIONS 


"CHAIPI 
EOM pL 


SOSA PHOTO: APANIDE WORLD FHCTOS 


WEITER: FRANK SANTCPADRE 


GEORGE W. BUSH rui Metal Jackass 


Way back in May our Commander-In-Chief, in Full fighter-pilot regalia, made an ultra-dramatic Top Bun-style landing оп the deck of an aircraft 
carrier in the Pacific to proudly proclaim, “Mission Accomplished in Iraq." It was а four-star display of chutzpah from a guy whose only former 


combat experience was a spirited game of Battleship with his brother ,معز‎ Мг, President, you can have your cheap stunt and action figure that 
glorifies it, but the sad truth is that like you, your assurances of victory just don't Ну. 


Only the George W. Bush 
G.I. Joke Action Figure... 


It's a time for heroes! But until 
we find one, this will have tn da... 


THE oe 
GEORGE W. BUSH mu per 
е 


JUST LIKE BIG OIL 
& THE EXTREME 
RIGHT WING 
2 • 
1 | f Te "ле 
АВИНОМ ОНЕ 


Bends over backwards 
for special interests! 


Reaches for hand-outs 


reva from wealthy corporate 
and of course campaign contributors! 


Strut and pose 


Sticks his head up his own ass! 


And because of 6.1. Joke's spineless 
construction, he easily bows to the 
6.1. JOKE comes with 


an extra pair of , 
blood-stained 
hands! 
= “o 
те | 


" ‹ 


Weapons uf mass destruction are. of co 


LAID Copyright © 


will of Vice President Cheney and 
Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld! 


Sold separately: 

A fully non-functional, obsolete F-102 
Delta Dagger, just like the опе те 
real George W. Bush trained in that 
was phased out гес months after 
he (almost) learned to fly it! 


urse. not Included. 6.1. Joke is a product of Halliburton, makers of the Iraqi Quagmire. 
E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ш " МИ 
eri) 


Lt tee, } 


ss n 0 
) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Pu 


аге. y 


Кае 5 7 


ight © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


A gladiator hungry for revenge. A young girl haunted Бу the ghosts 
of her past. Together, the two must unite and race to protect the 
Mana Тгее from those who would turn its awesome powers to dark 


ends. Choose your Fero, uncover the secret of the Mana Tree and 


if, 


a 
E 


save the ancient wellspring of all life in the еріс Sword of Mana, [me 


Fantasy Violence 


ENIX CO, 


LTD. TM, Ф and the Game Boy Advance logo are tracemar«s of Nin:endo © 2003 Nintendo. www.nintendo.com 


©2003 SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. All Rights Reserved. SWORD OF МАМА is а trademark of SQUAR. 


7 THINKING INSIDE THE BOX: 


Here's a story about ai +; == 211 AU. 
New York, n Ба aede rmi aye airline food [sorry, standup comics), In September, Charles 0, McKinl a shi ni " 

IF he'd been placed in an سا دامس‎ ИЧ رمك‎ " airline ticket, he climbed into a box, had it sealed and shipped па eim 

fhe airports he » he would have croaked. Dumb. The air Freigh! mid securi 

was shepherded through never checked the crate he'd packed himself in. Dumber, When the police he vm hin pm 

‚ mey 


a law pr ohibitin thi ns ct. Y : fi 1 1 ust a g 
discover ed ther е isn 1 5 1 
9 ane a Dur nbest So we gu ei 5] matter of time bef Dre an Dr bilz slyle website is oing to 


s Е C31 
= & 
[С] http://www.peoplefreight.com €3 SR [ы] 
Forget first class, business class 
and even economy class... 


For REAL savings, travel our new Cargo Class"! 


to Thou travel! 


Remember 
these 


Ф 9 š 
PeopleFreight 


Г Wooden Crate | Gorugated | CanvasDuffe| | Potato Sack НИЗ РЯ 


Cardboard Box 
Stowing Away Fram: Depart: (MM/DD/YY) At the end of 
| гам | your trip, you 
Being Released From My Stuffy Enclosure In: keep the box! 


Weight of “Payload”: | Pounds Search No lines 
Gullible to wait on! 


[1] Adults [0 Сыер 10 YÎ Seniors А Carriers 


ом 


Tell ait carrier that parcel “actually” contains: No boarding 
passes, just a 


[| Computer Parts [ | Recalled Segway Scooters 1 
bill of lading! 


WE Ceramic Clown Figurines | ع3‎ Other 
"| TRAVEL SPECIALS Frequently Asked Questions 
| About PeopleFreight: 
Bahamas Super Sale! р 9 
р О: What amenities does my Cargo Class" ticket 
ж /-night package include? 
| hidden in а 5-star inciude : А 
| resort's supply closet. ERO A: Oxygen (Not guaranteed on all flights). 
+ Air travel in a у; 
اك‎ ЫП э О: Does PeopleFreight insure my safe arrival at my 
destination? 
A: See above answer. 
S Q: What in-flight services should | not expect? 
3 From $49 per night! A: Your Cargo Class" ticket includes our Ultra- 
i Includes FREE upgrade No-Frills™ service — No pillows or blankets, 
z to crate with no movie or other in-flight entertainment, no 
5 bubblewrap! lavatory access or beverage service (though 
Е Free Car Trunk Rentall depending on the traveler, the last two items 
can compensate for one another). 
š час th T ni A atta: thar 
81 New! E Q; Besides ا‎ WB ота benefits are there 
Е | š oho = to пута on t eopleFreight* 
5 | Cruise Alaska A: Best of all, when you travel with PeopleFreight, 
Ë Í locked па there are no more airport security checkpointsto — 2 
< pass! You keep your shoes on the entire time! aS 


steamer trunk! 


` SUCGESSFU 


No commercial airlines can make that claim! 


° 
mm 


ЖА АУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


[A LR AAT 


ка! 
Real news organizations are staunch supporters of the First Amendment, which helps explain why FOX "News" sued satirist Al Franken For usi 
picture of Bill O'Reilly and the words “fair and balanced" on к cover of his book, Lies And the Lying Liars Who Tell Them. FOX felt it would gi 
ders. (Oddly, FOX didn't feel that an image of 0' Reilly anywhere near the | 
sing!) In the E the'rase was dismissed as "wholly without merit,” but all the peera 
book into a bestseller — and that's по lie, š 

D 


ЗЫ Ае "EM woe 


JAYSON BUTCHERS THE NEW YORK TIMES: 


All The Lies He Saw Fit Tc Print 


The New York Times. The newspaper of record. The Old Gray Lady. IF it appears in the Times, it must he true. Well, er, not really. In fact, no. In their 
politically correct, affirmative action zeal, Times editors ram-rudded a lying, low-life snake of a reporter, Jayson Blair, up the editorial ladder. Never 
mind that his stories included fabricated details, were "reported" from places Blair never traveled to and required more corrections than a spastic 
blind man's first typing test. Eventually, the Times caught on and fired poor Jayson. With his career shot and his journalistic integrity forever 


destroyed, 


“All the News 
That's Fit to Print" 


it took the lying SOB all of several weeks to land a 6-figure book deal, which is perhaps the dumbest part of this whole horror story. 


Late Edition 

к: Today, clouds, afternoon 

rms, high 64. Tonight, 

f 54. Tomorrow, partly 
, widy, high 67. Yesterday, high 

50. Weather map is on Раде 41 


VOL с 11 . No. 52480 


Серуен © 299 The Mes York Tine 


Times EAS Who Resigned | | 
Leaves Long Trail of ee | | 


A staff reporter for Tbe New 
York Times committed f[requiet 
acts of journalistic fraud 


by Times journalists has fou: 
The widespread fabrication and 
plagiarism represent ии 
betrayal of trust and a low point 
in the ]52.year history of the 
newspaper 

The reporter, 


a profi 


Jayson Вїа)г, 27 
misled readers and Times col 

А s with dispatches that pur 
nd to be from Maryland, Tux- 
doter suties. when often be 


POWELL IN MIDEAST 
ASKING QUICK STEPS 
FOR oe 


КА 


синус THE wanu‏ ووو 


ary een a 

Ming renders w 
modurona) акон 
Bialr’s works Whe & 


Bogged in Long-Term 
Issues of Peace Plan 


nent. 
yold central p 

А found thal 
ented violated 


y STEVEN R. WEISMAN 


New York, He USALEM, May 10 secre 

зеп, He com < росе осо ' | | State Colin L. Powell, arriv- 

сасий , d امم يجي‎ ~ ١ A tbe. first pican engage : 

тз and wire рї ١ - ١ alcatinian 

selected details from le: j = "ear on both 

photographs to create the impres- - n 7 h ү MES: 
sion he had been somewhere or t d down in 
seen someone, when he had not at i 3 £ ? а оячега peace pian 
And he used theae techniques to ne ot y ЛУ ~ Y , he United States and 


Tite falsely about emotionally 


ged moments in recent histo- 
from the deadly sniper attacks 
wburban Washington to the 
{ families grieving fer 
loved ones kiied in (гад 
In an inquiry focused on cor- 
господ tbe record sind explamning 
how such frand could have beer 
казата within the ranks of 
Times. the Times journalists 
have so far uncovered new prob- 


5 К рерусапу rejected an 
те T 2 h Minister Ariel 
1 ^ v2 у yat. the peace plan, 
5 š id map, be revised 
ate certain Israeli 
ting Palestinians 
it was founded 
to their native 

nal settlement. 
x on board his 
Ш said it was 
тоос like tho 


leurs ip at least 36 of the 73 arth 

ска Mr. Blair wrote since hc x stumbling 
started getting national reporting vinian talks 
assignments late last October. In ars ago 一 
the final months tbe audacity of 1wpecific J 
the doceptions grow by the : 


suggesting the work of a t 
young man veering toward 
fessional selt-destroction. 
Mr. Binir, who has 
from the paper, was а терий 


Bush's Drt 


By DAVID E. ROSENBAUM 


WASHINGTON, May 10 — Two 
into the Congressional debate 
en taxes, and with at least two more 
weeks to go, it is clear that Congress 
will eventually approve à big tax cut, 

smaller than the $726 bil- 


weeks 


int issue, 
Jpresx һе 


м ед the is 
OS uz iris soy 

lut the питье 

Security 

American resolu. 

Un. Friday, to lift the 
? return Iraq's oil 

CS to an interim ром 


Council 


% that it has not run 
а. train wreck,” be 
> “шоп, adding that И 
à pretty good ге 
tom members of the 
гапсе, Germany and 
1 opposed the war in 


ocrats in Cong; 
cut undercutting 
ket would have 
abolition of taxes d 

But а Repoblican 
the White House «a 


News Поп, 10-year reduction (be president would year 
Analysis President Bush pro lap. in Jerusalem from 
дану posed but stili the third “His st w evening. Мг, Powell 


largest in history, on top 
of the largest, enacted just two years 
age tnus month 


urking dinner with 
مما‎ minister, Silvan 
срагоб to meet on 


pti 
aut 
pt se! 


way up here,” 
ing hi$ right h 
reach with bf 


The linchpm of the president's ^ bnt aif 2 he new Palestinian 
plan, the elimination of taxes on most y Mahmood Abbas. 
stock ends, will be whittled imar | я of the awkwardnoss 
Gown considerably, but Ше president orea | л а Torre FE ўа Um уйд, bowev өг, there was to be 
will still be able io claim victory wer чб EA m the | € AS eects wan D) meeting with the Palestinian lead 

When this Dill ts finally done," the, ‘Saw v^. wn eic don't an | er Yasir Arafat. The United States 


After all, his philosophy із that low 
Ing taxes is tbe best policy whether 


5 that 
slip | 


lobbyist said, his palin still in front of 


“he will have hit b >. ism: Ist 57 удата. We d | has refused to deal with him since 
wu ave bere. > ee ~ 


| tr 


‚ und the location of the 


hst summe 


his face 1 
e {з stror H {+ dence, JUD 
pi E Ог weak | This is bow matters stand now; | Buty ы 87 HE И pm. | west Bank meeting with Mr. Abbas 
whether t budget is showing а sur- دنا‎ af peri J 
plus or 6 LE Um ernm@hasis oo an elect P^ was shifted to Jericho rather than 


And ho will have persuaded Con 
gress to adopt that philosophy tn the 
face of the largest budget deficits 
over, uncertain cotts growing out of 
the war in Iraq, the fiscal cloud on 
om from the retirement of 
34 baby boom generation, the ncarty 
unanimous oppasition of Democrats 
minima of mo > Remit. 


the hor 


Continued on Page *5 | the: mad wakana) unity ге |. 

| teaders after the fervent calls М 

| Islamic state in the initial cuph án 

| | after the collapse pf, Saddam m 
sean’s rule. 

tolloh Hakim, who i£ 63, spent 

much of bis Ше ox теме the country 
sing ta overthrow Мг. Hussein. 


) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. depor ted and killed thousands of 


Ramallah, where Mr. Arafat is эйш» 
ated. 

American officials said the shift 
occurred bocau ity con 
cerns about possible demonstrations 
curing the vist 

Much of the adiminisrration's focus 
on the Israeli-Palestinimn conflict 
over tbe last year has been on draft- 


remi 


| 
И sect 


ARTIST. DREW FRIEDMAN 


о © ү 2003 


OFTHE 99 DRAGONS 


Www majescogames.com 


ме c bx 
Tus 99 har RATI 
{HEIR 
ст THOSE 


Blood 


A ~ 
Violence а HEARERS ПО GE A 
| 7 XBOX 


$ 2092-2903. Осеро All sights кт 
Јалији Ко of Microsoft Corpocutivn in the 1.5. в 


ight © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


GET A DOWNLOAD OF THIS: x 


With this summer's spate of nasty lawsuits against frequent MP3 downloaders, the Recording Industry Association of | 
America has managed to came off looking worse than Missy Elliott at your average awards show. We don't know about | 
you, but we sleep much more soundly knowing such hardened criminals as a 12-year-old girl who downloads TV theme 
songs and a 71-year-old grandpa who lets his grandchildren play with his computer have been brought to justice by 

the Grinches in charge of record companies. In other words, it’s the dumbest lawsuit we’ve seen since FOX News sued | 
Al Franken [see Dumb Thing #8)! 


was the rp before Christmas, 
when all through the house 
There was nary a sound 'cept the 
click af my mouse; 
My gift list was long, but my time 
very short, 
To find awesome presents for Barbara 
and Mort. 
c o 


Amazon, Brookslone, dELiA*s and Borders, 
Websites I went to but I placed no orders; 
My mallet was empty and ту credit a joke, 


Shopping for Christmas sure can suck 
when you're broke! 


hen I found a site — and my hand 

started quakin’, 

Metallica, Pink, Avril — all for the takin’! 

Dave Matthews and No Doubt, P. Diddy 
and Sting, 

The while guy from “Idol” (the one who 
can’t sing)! 

“Cha-Chingy!” I merrily shouted with glee, 

“All their songs will be mine now — 
downloaded for free!” 

My stomach tensed up and soon started 
to churn, 

And how my eyes twinkled when 1 
right-clicked on “Burn.” 

My D: drive responded — in a flash it 
was done! 

I'd ripped a СП — "гах ту very first one! 

Ай of a sudden the RIAA came, 

A subpoena in hand, and made out in 
my name! 


36 ту, 


eX 


> 1 دك 
АД Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc.‏ 


66 


ou Moron! You Monster! You Loser! You Damn Fool! 
With Grokster! With Madster! With Napster! With eMule! 
You've dashed off with our music and paid not a cent! 
With no royalties Beyoncé can’t make her rent!” 
asa 
“You think that we'll allow some lame loser or schlub, 
To steal money that pays for R. Kelly’s hat tub? 
Eminem and Snoop Dagg, 50 Cent and Flea — 
Do you think they get their limos and Cristal free?” 
چک‎ 
The handcuffs went on and we walked out the door 
Visions danced — of me as the (ulp!) cellblock whore! 
Now Barbara and Mort would get nothing at ай, 
While 1 served my hard time in an iron-barred stall. 
мар 
I was joined by a grandma, and a grad student, 
And others like me who had been so imprudent; 
Sony and Arista, Island und Virgin 
Tossed us in a cell in spite of our urgin’! 


sz <° з 

Universul, Time Wurner, they both pranced in too, š 
It was like they all had nothing better to do! š 
Than to nail us — US! — the poor and downtrodden, Ë 
To BMG Records we're bad as bin Laden. = 
Я 

= 

= 

= 

V 

5 


Es downloaders’ fault that a disc doesn't sell? 
How's about 'cause your records all stink to high hell? 
Christina and Britney; Mariah and Fred Durst — 
Impossible lo pick oul which one is (ће worst! 
o> 
For all of their bitching and whining and crying, 
The labels make clatter that just ain’t worth buying; 
Why spend all their time chasing poor schmucks like me, 
When they could sell music that’s worth more than “free.’ 
o>. 
It's true when I download, I take what's not mine, 
In most other cases, that wouldn't be fine, 
And yet as I state this, it’s still hard to pay, 
1 mean, after all, do you hear what they say? 
emo 
"How dure you тоб us and how dare you be greedy!" 
(From the same guys who charge eighteen bucks 
for a CDI) 
Now I’m nestled in jail, no parole date in sight. 
But my iPod is loaded — ГИ get through the night. 


BAAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. xd 


RUSH LIMBAUGH FUMBLES ON ESPN 


When your ego is as obscenely bloated as Rush Limbaugh's, you can't conceive that something you say could possibly be wrong, hurtful or just 
plain stupid. So when the controversial right-wing yakker opened up his big fat trap about Philadelphia quarterback Donovan McNabb on ESPN, 
spewing Forth his typical liberal-bashing, race-baiting 85 — you know, fhe kind of BS his legions of brain-dead radio fans gobble up — he was 
stunned that millions actually took offense. The story came to a fittingly ironic end when а few days later, the pompous “El Rushbo” did 
something he long hoped Bill Clinton would do — resign in utter disgrace. 


> Pushin 


ng g the quarterback | 
McNABB 


a B informe 


Opinion 


racial 
insensitivity 


extreme 
right-wing 
agenda 


| drug-induced 


humongous 


. gibberish ego : 
08 \ | sheer | 
ER Є РВ. | : 


2 
> 
| 
| 
| 
ARTIST. ТОМ НИ 


CocoTOS 
+ 


right © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


је XA 
“some mad 3-0 on-3 
= bas etball that ~ 
could. ove 
«do put! he 
r ion-sports 
в _ “ball back in 
^ JANM's court.” 
_ € = GamePro 


EC 


& — 


SLAMMAJAMMA Monster а 


THROW DOWN THE HAMMA 


MADSKILLIN’ CROWD THRILLIN’ D-U-N-K-S... LM BA. 

NOW THAT'S WHAT YOU CALL A LITTLE SUMPM SUMPM, SUPERFLY. 

Classic NBA JAM gameplay is back: * Hotspots * Current & Classic NBA Arenas * Playground > 

Courts * Funkadelic Tracks * МВА Legends Tournament * "Colorful" Commentary www.nbajam.com 


PlayStation.2 „бат 


tss АА member b BATS and TAY AC mn venia ry n nar vemos fee poor vertes rry mA‏ سيم 
осо у e Developer 5 " iere bj Alam Deon ме Ore ke der Pam. Gem Coe NY 11048077 Payer" axi fw PS fad by‏ 
L rex of Ue: "T уто с om се ети У wee under Cenge fram Метео,‏ لل are грили) tracamaries nf Sony С До ine МСТ. Sow = пирона‏ 


Ia] Copyright O 2006 b E та Publications, Inc. 


x B e 


The IPA ала croci НРА TETEP wan Centécatcy МАМА nm ntt 
Properties te. © 2000 NBA Prope Reversed. dec 


r — 


compat 


After you've disgraced her, buy back her affection with our ` 


exquisite $4 million classic-cut diamond ring, a symbol of 
your abiding love that shes sure to cherish forever, or at 
least until the next time youre accused ој зехишт assault. 


4 ж = = 


The Kobe Diamond. 5 
Just two months’ salary. 
If you're Kobe. 


Remember the “4 Sees" when selecting a diamond: 1.$ге how badly 7 i 
scared [ат of your Газон? 3.See bow important you are in MAIRIE ту у public image? 


+See hose much Vm svilling to spend in the desperate hope that youll forget about thi, 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


KOBE GIFTS HIS WIFE: the Fraud Cf The Ring 


WAITER: DON VAUGHN BACKGFOUND PROTO: GETTY IMAGES 


PHOTOGRAPHER: IRVING 56410 


и. AND THE WHINER IS... 


We never thought we'd actually long Гог the days when an Academy Award winner would ramble on and on in his зы speech, 

x thanking his mother, father, siblings, wife, children, agent, high school drama coach, accountant, paperboy, dermatologist and 

[ aromatherapist. But thanks to Michael Moore, we do. With CNN, FOX, MSNBC and CNBC to spout off on, who needs fo be subjected to 

— we Moore's ham-handed, bombastic, political diatribes on a show most of us tune into just ta see how much cleavage J.Lo is showing? 


MICHAEL MOORE PHOTOS: АРЛАТЈЕ WORLD PHOTOS 


PHOTCGRAPHER: RANG SCHILO 


#81 | DIXIE CHICKS BACKLASH even Cowgirls Get T 


| / At a March concert in London, Dixie Chick Natalie Maines said, "We're ashamed that the President of the United States is From Texas." That 
- ‚ remark earned the Chicks the scorn and spittle-driven ire of conservative commentators, who conveniently Forgot the right to free speech, 

0 not to mention the venomous insults they spewed about President Clinton just a few years ago. To them, the Dixies were traitors, their 
“treasonous” wards giving aid and comfort to the enemy. Record burnings and radio bans followed. You'd think the Chicks had given Saddam 

himself the power of flight and heat vision, Yes, boys and girls, all because of a girl group from Texas, our nation was never in greater peril. 


ow do you get your team to 
say something critical about 
the “war on гад” without being 
branded a traitor by Bush 
administration supporters? 


t's not easy — you can't say 
Blood for Oil, Religious Crusade, 
Revenge for Daddy, No Clear 
9-11 Link, or Destabilize the 
Middle East. They're Taboo — 
utterly unmentionable phrases! 


f you mention a Taboo phrase, 
you'll lose — and maybe get 
banned on 1,100 Clear Channel 
radio stations, have your CDs 
burned in bonfires and be shout- 
ed down with hollow slogans — 
just like the Dixie Chicks! 


'ermmeminer: 


а пи" ДЕ 1 + 


To win, just give vague explanations 
or use hawkish catchphrases and 
simplistic answers as justification 
for war. But don't question the 
Bush administration, that's Taboo! ~ 23 AW 
42 Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc.| 


WRITERS; DARREN JOHNSON ANC GREG LITMAN 


ARTIST: АСК TULKA 


Light up your Holidays with Game Boy Advance SP. 


ALABAMA JUDGE PLAYS MOSES 


Far be it тот us to fell the Almighty what to do, but we think He really blew it by not adding an 11th Commandment: “Thou shalt not use the 
previous 10 to advance thine own grandstanding agenda." Maybe then we would have been spared the obnoxious, self-righteous pontificating 
of Alabama Judge Roy Moore, who made headlines by sneaking a 2-fon granite replica of the Commandments into his courthouse in the dead 
of night and hoped nobody would, if you'll excuse the expression, "give а bod-damn." Ihe bad news for Roy was that the Courts ruled the 
constitutional separation of church and state applies everywhere — even in redneck, socially-regressed, backwater states like Alabama. 


E xe FoR MAL ENG KILL — 
OF CHURCH AND S RATION 
УЗНАЕТ NOT COMMIT 


$ 
š 
= 
A 
= 
Б 
№. 


АИТ. HERMANN MEJIA 


h 2 > | ^at 
D Copyright © s, Inc.™ 


SJ کا‎ 


Love her or hate her (okay, chances are you hate her] ESE Clinton has had a ги life. She was а powerful and successful 


(shady) lawyer. She championed a controversial [and doomed] health care plan. She was elected Senator of New York [after Giuliani 
dropped out of the race]. And most fascinating of all, she was married to a President [who couldn't keep his Air Force Опе in the 


hangar]. You would think all of this would make Гога fascinating book [nope]! Forget Whitewater, helloooo Whitewash! 


ry - Microsoft Internet Explorer 


Shamazon com. "wy viewcart | WISH LIST 


FUTURE 
ASES 


Living History by Hillary Clinton 


Book Description: 

Come take a nostalgic trip back to a time when Hillary Clinton 
was not yet the wife of a philandering President, but, rather, the 
wife of a philandering hillbilly. А time when young Hillary 
worked on the Nixon impeachment inquiry and wondered how 
a President could be so stupid as to get himself in so much 
trouble by lying instead of just coming clean and admitting he'd 
done something wrong. A time when a cigar was just a cigar, 
and not an instant Tonight Show punchline. 


Brief Quotes From The Book: 

"Bill told me that Monica Lewinsky was an intern he had 
befriended two years earlier when she was volunteering in the 
West Wing during the government shutdown. He had talked to her 
a few times, and she had asked him for some job-hunting help. 
‘So, he said, ‘she gave me a job.’ Т asked, ‘Don’t you mean you 
gave her а job?’ And he nervously chuckled, ‘Oh yeah, right." 


YOUR ACCOUNT ` | HELP 


CORPORATE 
ACCOUNTS 


E-BOOKS 
& DOCS 


USED 


TEXTBOOKS BOOKS 


Availability: Usually ships wrapped in a sensible 
beige pantsuit 


OQ Add unread, unopened, unwanted copy of Dear Socks, 
Dear Buddy: Kids' Letters to the First Pets 


Shamazon Sales Ranking: 2008 

Customers who bought this book also bought: 
Unfaithful Bastards and the Women Who Love Them 
The Seven Habits of Highly-Effective Adulterers 
Mr. Personality: Monica Lewinsky's Official Epi 

Ihe Rules — Presidential Spouse's Edition 


By former President William Jefferson Clinton: 

I really love this book because Hillary's ghostwriters have 
tremendous respect for her readers’ intelligence. They know 
that what most people want to hear about is her favorite 
drink (Diet Dr. Pepper! Wow! Who knew?) and her early 
impressions of me (she thought my fingers were "tapered 
and deft.” Note to self: What color are her eyes again?). What 
readers don t want to hear about is all that stupid “inappropri- 
ate sexual relations" nonsense, so the book glosses over all 
of my illicit affairs, sparing everyone (especially me!) a real 
headache. Why can't the media just get over the preposterous 
notion that Hillary and | are constantly at each other's throats” 
I mean, how can we be when we hardly see each other? The 
truth is, 1’m very proud of her for writing this book. It's not 
everyone who could turn frigidity into a career move! 


VIYITITITYI It takes a village—or at least a small 
(0 stars) town—to make sense of this woman! 


Reviewer: Ann Coulter 

When I found out that Sharon Stone has been tapped to play 
Hillary Clinton in an upcoming ТУ movie, | thought, "What 
could she possibly have in common with the former first lady?" 
But then | read Hillary's book, and realized that she was perfect 
for the role, because she's already played a schizophrenic 
lesbian ice-bitch psychopath in Basic Instinct! 


ЖА ДТУ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


71-7 li FH This book was so full of crap it made 

(0 stars) my eyes bulge like Barbara Bush's! 
Reviewer; Elizabeth Dole 
As a fcllow politician's wife, I know firsthand the truth 
behind many of the problems that Hillary has only hinted at 
in this book. If your husband's not interested in sleeping with 
you anymore, get him hooked on Viagra. He'll screw the 
fern in the living room (literally!), and he’ll definitely find 
you more attractive. At least that's what happened to me. 


| [oh 


VIRA, Ба ЕМ 


TON: 


DEMI AND-ASH 


-- - 
الم 


eagames.com 


Never leave [he Sims at home when you bust out with Game Boy” Advance. They'll lit in 
your pocket and play in your hands. You can create a new Sim from scratch, or connect to 
The Nintendo GameCube ` version to download your Sim for a completely new adventure. 
Explore 20 locations, meet 41 wild characters, and beat 8 career mini-games. You can even 
connect with a friend to trade objects you've collected. And maybe, just maybe, you and 


Сотіс Мієстої your Sim can move into the biggest mansion in Sim Valley. Together. 
Mild Violence 
© 2000 Dectronic Ай; جما‎ Dlectronic Arts. The Сита. СА. СА GAMES, the СА GAMES одо and "Challenge Cverything" are trademarks or ied ndomario of 


ectronie Айз Inc. in fhe Û S andor citer courtes. Aa tiend TM. @ a Pe Gane Boy haves Kop ane kakunaka o M "Ep 
All دق‎ абое are $e резу of their тиз ее دعس‎ БА GAMES" b an Боласи АЛУ” (жап 


ЖИ А Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


STRAIGHT AND NARROW-MINDED: the anti-Gay Crusade 


evil 
САЯ 


Michael Pat George W, Antonin Rick 
SAVAGE ROBERTSON BUSH SCALIA SANTORUM 


Five homophobic men. 
Out to screw over an entire community. 
One gau guy at a time. 


The media had been diligently following this dastardly pair for months. Everyone 
became painfully familiar with their fiendish work and the various atrocities they 
were responsible for. So when their luck finally ran out with a very public downfall, | 
few were surprised. To find out who this infamous duo is, fold page in as shown. | 


D PAGI E OVEI R LIKE. ШЕ 


Le FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT <] FOLD BACK SO THAT "A" MEETS ' з" 


жж GLOBAL TIMES xx 


жж * جار‎ ж The Leader in World News жжжхх 
SHOWER ORDNANCE ON BUILDING 
GIGANTIC BLAST IN BALI 
AVENGED IN CITY OF MOSUL 


TIKRIT PAIR BLASTED WITH ROCKETS 


TRIED D TO L REMA Al 


WAS” [d ON 


"Publications. пс. 


833009 $513 За НВА 
11314018 1103$ 1587 


right © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Ts S EE ANS -一 
*'"u0IS/A2/24 шшара aT} е sat, адАеш бууш азам Jarl AjUunaas риејашон se ayqedes Азал jou 5,34 {ец 5001800 Ayjnyujed 5,4) 
825 pau пай рипозе sued aqqna e UJIM әзер ur ү! burus;58 pue peau зпол зело әіббец шет еби пі jo :игјеліпВа 31529 аці 'adej 4эпр pue 
Bhuinaaus 24561 чим pufy smopui ino jess о} sn pajuen aH Чт pasoubi sn ахи 101p! 18404 uana je} pidnjs /|јејџеашпиош os әз!лре цим 2002 
ui Jlasunu paddoy *tuajsÁc вишем jsuodia] 0303-1563 |пубјацип Ajqipa.o ui seaA sej sn 1uBno. оци j;imisquinu aues Азал ащ ‘abpry шоу 


алан 513215 1ma 201 :41190935 GNVTIINOH 


MY CAR WENT FROM T HITS... 10 THIS! 


oo. ERE SUMA НЫ 


ам 


1 1 ve P Ё E VM Hy 
to the E g REPAIR КІТ" 
Originally, this unique kit was only available to highly-trained professional auto repair technicians who 


charge thousands of dollars for their work! But since no highly-trained professional auto repair technicians 
ever bought one of these unique kits, we're now making them available to anyone with a credit сага! 


S LL. 


Look at all you get with your THE MOST COMMON 
5 | CAUSES OF CAR DENTS 
unBEnD-A-DEnT! Runaway shopping carts 
HOME AUTO REPAIR KIT* * Falling bricks at 
7 construction sites 
* Obese jaywalkers 
One professional-grade One Stainless Steel Auto-Body Restructuring * Aggressive drive-thru 
Dent Suction Tool with Device so you can dent the cars of strangers safari animals 
deluxe wooden handle! and then practice repairing them before • Unstable and belligerent 


using it on your car! 


squeegee men 


¢ Attempting a K-turn in the 
middle of a carwash 


* Parallel parking while 


blindfolded 
* Mistakenly merging onto 
a Funny Car track 
Six self-stick Decorative Bumper Stickers al : ~ 
48" of Super-Strength Velcro which can be mounted anywhere on your ° Grudge-bearing snot-putters 
to reattach any car sections car to draw the eye away from dents you * Kidnapping victims attempting 
you inadvertently remove! were unsuccessful in repairing! to get out of the trunk 
* Nearsighted blacksmiths 
There's never been a better deal — for Us! — == • Торрипо Saddam Hussein 


É а » > د‎ |) statues 
99995 619995 612995 | 499 95 i owners 
— № р E ° n * Unbend-A-Dent! kit owners 

$237: < é 1 “ы. 6 854: = д practicing with the Auto- 
7 3 + Body Restructuring Device 


ORDER YOUR KIT TODAY! SUPPLIES ARE LIMITED! У оте Про cas 
ONLY ONE KIT PER $499.95! NO EXCEPTIONS! 


м = ج‎ 
TRE gg EEE 


DRIVE A FOREIGN CAR? NO PROBLEM! 


ORDER OUR SPECIAL Foreign Make 


LE | 
ИПВЕПО-А-ЏЈЕПТ ! 
HOME AUTO REPAIR КІТ" 35 


It contains exactly the same items as our domestic kit, 
but it says *For Fixing Foreign Cars" right on the label! 


WRITER: DICK DEBARTOLO CA MAD 2 1 ЖА BID Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


For easy ordering, call our 800 number where opera- 
tors are standing by to give you our web address. Then, 
just seroll down and click on the easy-ordering icon to 


see our convenient 800 number where operators are 
standing by to take your order! (Except in Nebraska.) 


> ОН, МАМ! 
ig* ov 
P d ACROSS TOWN THEY HAD а LIKE ФОМЕВОРУ 


ALL RIGHT? Good Food. DONT END IN 1989, THE HAS А PLATFORM 

IT'S ЗРАРПАШУ- = ONLY THINGS THIS SCHOOL 
DEFATTED Та Да FVE? BUYS ARE NEW 

BEEF TISSUE 
TUESDAY ب“‎ 


ДР ; Í CARE WHAT THEY 
Laer time, PM NOT KZ, ОКАУ, FINE. Z SAY, LINKIN PARK 


2 18 PLAYING THE 
RUNNING FOR CLASS A” EST DART BIN INAUGURATION! 

Е: ЕЕ (0007 
NOW EVERYONE ty н 
ae شد‎ ыш IS war You 


FROM THE 
MCMICKLE DISCOUNT 
FURNITURE FAMILY? 
d WE'RE TALKING 
I THINK ; BIG BUCKS / 
IT’S CUTE. HE STILL "= HERE' 7 
HAS A LITTLE BIT : 
OF РЕШРЕР НОРЕ. 
WHO АКЕ 
гтамре А ВЕТТЕК 7 YOU RUNNING 
СНАМСЕ! AGAINST? 


MAD Copy 


right © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


3 


т PRESIDENCY 


Ouf GF YOUR MINDP DEFINITELY, == | 
RUN FOR CL e UA do a ве ТЕЕ SECOND معن‎ ON 
POE CLASS LEE HARVEY [coop f P 
PRESIDENT. РИП OSWALD мо NY GUNMAN! / FIRE, 


ASSASSINATE 


+ x ИЕ 


Ре 
OUR OWN 
PRESIDENT 
А ONCE SAID, 


NO SWEAT. 


DOWN! NOW, THE FIRST 
THING TO REMEMBER 
AS А CANDIDATE 15 
THAT YOUR 
BACKGROUND WILL 
BE TOTALLY 


ARIST BILL ар" WRITER: ANTHONY BAT if RM Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


I THINK 
т MEANT ТО 
M. SAY, 


<= ш 
L^ AND WITH 
ИСМСКЕЕ DISCOUNT 
تا‎ FURNITURE SUPPLYING THE 
FURNITURE FOR THE NEW STUDENT Nr 


| LOUNGE, І CAN GUARANTEE WE'LL 
HAVE MORE MONEY LEFT FOR 


my =“ 
TN fe ا‎ 

I LAN (one 
é SRM DOT (A 
| о 


= Ad NS 
val 


< 
І WASN'T 
GONNA SAY 
ANYTHING. 


WOW, THAT'S 
SOME GOOD 
SMEARING. 
I WONDER WHO'S 
HANDLING WE 
CAMPAIGN? 


ff'HoNZO Е 


GRoPED 
HIS 1245 


У ЖИ кот ^ 
TODAY! ALL RIGHT, 

1 MAY NOT HAVE THE 
CHARISMA тнат му 
OPPONENT HAS, OR THE 
UNCONDITIONAL 


ONE MINUTE TO 
RESPOND, MONROE, 
BUT SERIOUSLY, WE 
CAN ALL PACK IT IN 


BUT ГЫ. TELL YOU WHAT 
ELSE I CONT HAVE, 
ANY INTEREST! 


МУ, و‎ ; 


IF YOU ШКЕ. Love ОР THE VOTERS, 
4 
U 
/ 
$ / 


YEAH WELL, BUSH WAS WRONG. 
SOMETIMES YOU ZO 
NEED TO WIN THE 


“POPULAR” 


AT LEAST 1 LEARNED 
SOMETHING ABOUT 
POLITICS, 


" BUT HOW 


ASK 
BOUT HER AT THE 
І NEVER TALK / DEBATE. 
TO HER. iT STARTS IN THE 
AUDITORIUM WEXT 
PERIOD, 


On 
Sy 


AN 


Знај С 


SS 
WSs 


E. 


7 AS I WAS 
SAYING, LOOK AT MY 

У OPPONENT, SHE 18 А SHIGE 
ILY BUSINESS 

FOR SPECIAL 

INTEREST GROUPS. DO 
YOU KNOW THAT 
SHE | 上 .cj 


WELL, ГМ 
SURE YOU'LL ALL 


VOTE. 


JAAD Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


نت ج مسيم »عسوم 


MAYBE / 
I GHOULO HAVE - 4 KEEP 
TOLD YOU SOONER ORANY VT THE OMY FOCUS! 7] SHE REALLY ү IN Your 


DECIDE MAI JUST KEEP SAYING 
FREAK YOU ИЙ WHETHER OR NOT SHE'S FOR "SPECIAL 
HAN 4A INTERESTS.” GOT IT? 
р то HANG 1 HERE'S SOME 
MYSELF, A % ОТЕг. 


E BUT I DIDN'T WANT TO THIS DEBATE WILL |тиме THIS DEBATE 


м и; 
Даты 


T RIGHT He š RIGHT! 2, “IN CLOSING, 
IT RIGHT HERE: | ja vene RA 
ONROE. 


Safe аб Сл SUCK! JA ЧУО. 
CONGLOMERATES TO 605 AU WRITE THAT 1 
SPONSOR THE SCHOOL AND > 小 Х ONE. 
POST SODA MACHINES OUT THERE. THIS 


PLACE LOOKS LIKE 
ЕЕ THE HORATIO SANZ 


A BUILT-IN 
MINUTE... YOU'RE 
THE ONES WHO TOLD WE WILL ВЕ DELIVERING \HEMORRHOIP 
леи Же КЕ 
&- TAKE ALL THE - NEW — — што ато лить ше 
BEHIND THE CREDIT. GRANDPA | RECLINERS. I WONDER 

HERE САМЕ UP WITH | IF THEY CARRY 

SELLING THE , Pe 4 2 53 


GOSSIP! 


ЖА А Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


gy SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


sesto. raga’) 
PRESENTS A 


ы А LE 

UU НИ И 

эу Z Д 
É NUM ФС | 4 


И 


| 
| 
| 
| 


|» — 


008 


e $5 
7 


«О УМЕ И 


сар X) 
LL. 
T 
عن‎ Fe 


> 


zal 


У, 


< aa rr? 
ee 1 Z 0 


р BRAD Copyright © 2006 by E С. Publications, Inc. 


= H ¿Z 2 > 3 
"сре 
q «У, 
Пала 5 42 
2 Tm 


[4 


| 


0 V ^^ سے‎ 


< - ( í 2 | DES 
ТЕЛИ aS WAD Copyright © 006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. ^ 


` NS 
М 
ү 
му 


А 
АА 


NN 
Ја 
NN 
N 


N 
N 


NS 1 


SN 


Я ANS 


= 
< 


IC 
дел. 


~ л 


, M s 


Z Zt, 


و 
=c:‏ 


ЖА А Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


urvive high speed c chases- -operating multiple we weapons all while 
Camaro, a Hummer and а 


nto a plot to dua не бай you 5 
y drive 20 licensed vehicles inclu ding à ibibo 
ick up some clean i laundry OF the way. 


You're an oft- -duty сер thrust i 
trying قا‎ figure out what the чеч е going, an? 
brand new Nissan 2. $9 race 0 to maximum aos com now. And remember to p! 
| wes ~ (GRE ОК m 
UEM M micosot 
gameJE Studios 
mzaje«congam«cte.cor 


D Copyri Mois CERES 
pyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc 


For as long as man has kept track of such things, 
Dick Clark has been in Times Square on New Year's Eve, 
smiling for the camera and counting down the seconds 
to Н" Well, this year, as a change of pace... 


.7 wis the ber “ times 2 
Dick Clark feigns trying to « ` A ish ов 
remember something that is * анааан pum "Aoc 
© written in extra-large type on the name doesn't appear anywhere ` 
‚ teleprompter right in front of him. (9) on screen over the entire 
is the number of times in every oe peer —— 
ee As the USA 
AO) ye err had ol belor. of before. a БИН на тон 
> @ T es i. cote times per minute your . 
са стапку grandfather tells 
ER 2 a performance by © ‘you that anyone who goes 
: e nutball shirtless guy in Times - B-Town “terrific.” . PE to Times Square is crazy. 


the number of‏ كلف 
generations Dick Clark‏ 

© is removed from the 
show's target audience. 


al. ol iz 9 


© after midnight viewers ` 
тена" 


ARTIST: DREW FRIEDMAN 
WRITER: ВОТСН D'AMRROSIO 


WWW.NAMCO.COM 


(namco? M = 
M © 


О ONES TOLLE 
The LAST- MaN 


aaa" F. C eer PQ ae m 2:1 
ЛКЫ | а: | sr 

e тав» ч sg К) Y 
a | < 三 E 


9. Y xX 
JN ١ ë 


SfaNdiNg. ` 


WWW.ININJAGAME.COM 


Gravity? Run up walls and tear through Use multiple weapons to take apart 
levels with moves only the most insane апу foe that dares stand between 
Ninja would try Ninja and his missions 


Get Ninja-crazy by collecting power-ups 
to incite Ninja's special Rage abilities. 


ме (РД 


Animated Blood fa 
54 
Violence MN =. => ) 
епсе E " 
хеох а PlayStat 3133137 
xe ayStation. 77 
а : 
Vosa" & © 2009 A/oonaut — FAC. Licensed esCutevety WO Marco Mor en ик. "Рауза and me "s Fa ann re d E E a: inea w TM fane Pn рыта deny e мами АЈ 
Xbox and the Xbox Logos are other rogestored trademarks er minat nf Мине С ممم مم بصت‎ in the كنا‎ чча eo rene: Petes wens been Marsan ings ION وا‎ а registered Indem of the Entertainment Assocation. 


D Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Own A Piece of 


DANA 


у, $ ма +f vi — L : д ei y 
"T $ N 0 p^ e a mom : ok «7 3 uM. 20 am |--- À А Рв 
V 9 Т ў М: А 3 AER т PRZUGQ ТА 
4 > 3 VIT ~ р + - _ 
Pictured: set "+ A Wass TUM AU 3 $ : a 


WRESTLEMANIA 


only From 


| GENUINE OFFICIAL E ۱ к» 
„| YL RING CANVAS CARDS 


Mn every 3oth pack, there 
will be а bonus collectible 


EE за аде | А Va DED ~ | EWS‏ ع 
ORDER — + ® ре‏ 
inytime you бе a World ins on pay-‏ 
per-view event from now until WrestleMania XX, you can get‏ 


a set of authentic WrestleMania XX trading cards from Fleere. 
CLASSIC У: SUPERSTARS 


INCLUDED IN EVERY SET I his ита editio collectors series 15 


M piece of the WrestleMania* ХІХ ring 
| canvas and a Certificate of Authenticity! 


[їп each set of cards, you will 
êlo receive a gold card 
[featuring م‎ Classic WWF 

| Superstar! WWE Superstars 
include Andre the Giant, Jimmy “Superfly” 
| | Snuka, 591. Slaughter and more 


Г 


На Ые anvwhere olco 


To find out more how you can own а piece of WrestleMania® 
history, just log onto WrestleMania.com for details. 


ини 
Per-View Event and Get Armageddon” December 14, 2003 
a Set of WrestleMania® XX Royal Rumble® january 25, 2004 
Collectible Trading Cards Only No Way Out® February i5, 2004 

From Fleer” and WWE. WrestleMania? XX March 14, 2004 


www.wrestlemania.com 
for more Info 


Only While wo ee Last, Don't Miss Out! 


Maximum one request pet household рог Pay-Per-View event. Offer good while supplies last. Void where prohibited, Offer exp: res May 7, 2004. WWE ia not liable for lost, delayed, damages or misdirected items or for technical or other errors. 
The names of all televised and In ive programming. talent names. images. likenesses. slogans and wrestling moves and all World Wrestling Enterta nment logos ar et trademarks which are the exclus: ودای‎ be ol World Wrestling 


Entertaiment, Inc. © 2003 World V Wrestling Entertainment Ing, الف‎ Rights Reserved. All other r derrriarks, product names, company names and logus cited herein are the property of thelr respective owners. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


LORD OF THE RINGS OUTTAKES 7 TV'S THE SHIELD 


ALFRED w.NEUMAN с ш 


IDIOTIN:CHIEF — "7 + à 
— 
Ра Š 


#437 JANUARY 2004 $3.50 CHEAP! 


| 01» 
| 


o 70992 33230 
WWwWw.madmag.com 


NITED STATES 


> 


