ж: лій 
c p 
m^ 
- 2.3 


Lex - 


DECEMBER 2010 $5.99 CHEAP!‏ #506 ى 
4 

ΙΙΙ ΙΙ 
v 

ш 

Ξ | 

Q 7 61941" 20353"! 9 


LEARN TO CURSE LIKE AND 


HAUNTED BY THE GHOST OF 


CHRISTMAS PRESENTS? 


qui ἠ hi 


A 4 * # » 
= onn, АР ү, y, 1 
4 * ή И, 
ΟΝ fos (7 (ў 


очин “πω 


== e τ 
Z р 7 яў L N 
ы م‎ 


LIFT YOUR SPIRITS BY GIVING... 


GIFT SUBSCRIPTIONS TO MAD! 


6 ISSUES (1 year) for only 619,» 


(And it doesn’t involve a trip to that heathen-filled mall!) 


DON'T BE A SCROOGE! 


coro MADMAG.COM orca 1-800-4-MADMAG 
DO IT NOW! WHAT THE DICKENS ARE YOU WAITING FOR? 


Mon-Fri 9 a.m. — 12a.m. Sat 9 a.m. — 6 p.m. Eastern Time 
$19.99 offer valid for U.S. and Canada orders only! Foreign orders please add $10. KEYCODE: 7102SC 


(а; 
ἂν 


144 
NUMBER 506 


pe Pel RTme nTS DECEMBER 2010 


1 [T'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


2 LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 


6 RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


1 4 HIGH SCHOOL SNOOZ-ICLE DEPARTMENT 
“Glee-tarded” (A MAD TV Satire) 


19 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at the Oil Spill 


SO YOU THINK YOU CAN RANT DEPARTMENT 
Rosetta Stone — Mel Gibson Edition (A MAD Ad Parody) 


24. SPARE CHANGE YOU CAN BELIEVE IN DEPARTMENT 
A Beginner's Guide to a More Prosperous 
Career in Panhandling 2G THE BEAST AND THE BRIGHTEST DEPARTMENT 

MAD's Inspirational Animal Stories 


28 ^ RASS ROOTS MOVEMENT DEPARTMENT 
Tea Party Logic 


30 MOVE-IN VIOLATION DEPARTMENT 
Signs You've Got a Bad Roommate 


32 CASE CLOTHES DEPARTMENT 4 
The MAD World of Fashion — 


KINDLE IN THE WIND DEPARTMENT 

What if Elton John Sang at Jeff Bezos’ Funeral? 
3G OMISSION ACCOMPLISHED DEPARTMENT 

Deleted Passages from George W. Bush’s New Book 
38 GANT AND BEAR IT DEPARTMENT 

MAD's Less-Than-Magical Outtakes from 

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 
Spy vs. Spy 15 
42 BARGAIN DE-BASEMENT DEPARTMENT чы 


The 2010 Lack-of-Entertainment Book 


Д5 PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Strip Club 


ДО SURELY, You QUEST DEPARTMENT 
ΜΑΡ’ Handy Quick Primer to World of Warcraft 


53 ΤΗΕ ARTICLES FORMERLY KNOWN AS REPRINTS DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Vault 


OIL YOU CAN EAT DEPARTMENT 
Dead Lobster (Another MAD Ad Parody) 


“MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 
< “Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 


Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents © copyright 2010 by E.C. Publications, Inc 
Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, 
ΡΟ. Box 420235 Palm Coast, FL 32142-0235. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. 
The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


LETTERS апр 
TOmaTOeS 


READ EM AND CHEAP 


I have been a steady reader of MAD since the 1950s, though rarely 
have I ever bothered to purchase an issue. I just run over to Barnes 
& Noble and read the magazine at my leisure. Lately, however, I have 
noticed the staff looking at me with a jaundiced eye. If possible, 
please explain what might have caused this attitude change. 


Irving Reed ٠ Miami, FL 


Burn After Reeding — We'd thank you for your years of support — but you 
haven't ever actually bought an issue...so thanks for nothing, Rockefeller! 

To answer your question, though, there are a couple of reasons that the staff 
is annoyed with you. 1) Instead of buying the magazine, you're reading it for 
free at “your leisure” (probably while wearing a slightly-open, silk bathrobe) 
and 2) the employees are clearly suffering from “Jaundiced Eye“ — an ailment 
that's been crippling Barnes & Noble staff for months now. Have a little 
sympathy! How would you feel if they came to where YOU work and ate all 
the free ketchup while you were busy grilling Big Macs? —Ed. 


If you watched the recent episode 
of Futurama titled “Lrrreconcilable 
Ndndifferences,” then you got to 
see the preserved noggin of none 
other than MAD artist and writer 
Sergio Aragonés! We can't wait to 
see what shows the rest of his body 
turns up on! 


SEARCHING HIGH AND LOW-BROW 


I have been a reader of your magazine since I was eight years old. For 
the past nine years I ran up to the nearest grocery store and bought 
an issue just about every month. Recently, I discovered that just 

about every store near my home stopped selling your magazine! How 
could this have happened? Your magazine is the best! I have looked in 
plenty of stores for your magazine and the only one that carried it was 
a store 20 miles from my house. This is terrible! Is there any way you 
could make it so that I do not have to go so far to enjoy MAD? 


Dylan Ash ٠ Kirtland, OH 


Diaper Ash — Egads! Stores near you aren't selling MAD?!? This could mean 
only one thing — the "Jaundiced Eye" epidemic has spread from booksellers 

in Miami all the way to magazine vendors in Ohio! You have two options: 
organize a walkathon for Jaundiced Eye Awareness, use the proceeds to fund 
research to find a cure, and, simultaneously start a letter-writing campaign to 
get MAD carried at your local stores! Or, you can let those yellow-eyed freaks 
fend for themselves and just subscribe to MAD. We're not saying which option 
is easier, but we'd just call 1-800 4-MAD MAG or go to madmag.com and get 
those issues to come to you! —Ed. 


SMALL TOWN ZEROES 


I have a subscription to MAD but I think it's due to expire, 
so Im hoping to get a free subscription. I live in Bennington, 
Vermont and have searched high and low but can find no 
celebrities. My physical therapist looks a lot like John 
Malkovich and my boyfriend has been told that he looks 
like Charles Laughton. Would a picture of both get me at 
least a year's free subscription? I await your answer. 


Margaret McLoughlin + Bennington, VT 


Lough Drops — Sadly, we can't give you a free sub — but it sounds 
like you've already been blessed! You have a physical therapist who 
looks like John Malkovich?!? And a boyfriend who looks like Charles 
Laughton?!?! Clearly, Bennington, Vermont is populated entirely 
by homely celebrity doppelgangers! Does the mayor look like 
Clint Howard? Is your mailman a Mickey Rourke lookalike? Is the 
butcher a dead ringer for Paul Giamatti? Sorry we can't help — 
but it sounds like you've got the makings of a reality show right 
under your nose: The Real Fugly Fake-Celebs of Vermont! —Ed. 


BLEW-IT CARROLL 


If you do a spoof on the movie Alice in Wonderland, please 
take it easy on Mia Wasoseka. I know I spelled her last 
name wrong, but she is the young lady who played Alice. 
She was adorable. She's the reason I saw it three times. 


Todd Duke + Hendersonville, TN 


Duke-bag — Your letter came just in time! We were just about 
to print a special issue mercilessly mocking Mia Wasikowska (we 
spelled her name RIGHT)! But your chivalrous request changed 
our minds, and we stopped the presses! However, just so that all 
of our hard work wasn't for nothing, here are some of the jokes 
that we would have printed, if you hadn't heroically intervened: 


* Mia Wasikowska's fans аге so stupid, some of them actually 
spent money to see that terrible movie THREE TIMES! 


* Mia Wasikowska's fans are so stupid, they don't even know 
how to spell her name — despite watching that terrible movie 
THREE TIMES! 


* Mia Wasikowska's fans are so stupid, they're fans of 
Mia Wasikowska! — Ed. 


As the days get shorter and the air gets cooler, it means it's 
time for us to say goodbye to the last of our summer interns. 
A big thanks to art intern Cristina Vanko and editorial interns 
Joe Masterman and Andrew Spitzer. We'll never forget you — as 
long as we have this little write-up to remind us who you were! 


What's sexier than cigarettes, scotch and demeaning female co-workers? 
How about the cast and creator of Mad Men reading MAD? From left to right: 
Jon Hamm, Matthew Weiner, John Slattery, Vincent Kartheiser and Bryan Batt. 


Photo: Vic Arkoff 


LADY AND THE CAMP 


Recently, I brought my issue to a camp I used to go to, so as 
to show my camp teacher the funny stuff in the magazine. 
eft it with him, thinking that he would read it, and 
eventually give it back. Later on, we gave presentations 
to our parents as part of the camp’s curriculum. It took 
place indoors and was extremely hot — no AC. So, I sit 
down with my friend in the back row, to listen to different 
presentations, when I see the lady sitting in front of me 
using the MAD as a fan! She was waving it, bending it, 
ripping it, just for her sweating needs! I don’t know how 
she got it, but I was ticked off. I didn’t know what actions 
to take, so I just sat there, staring at that poor magazine 
being disfigured. Now that it’s all over, what actions 
should I have taken to retrieve my magazine? Should I 
have taken brutal force or kicked her in the shins? 


Pearson McKenzie ٠ Marysville, OH 


Pearson Pressure — Brutal force? Clearly, you're a man of 
action — as evidenced by the fact that you let a heavily- 
perspiring woman steal your magazine, then wrote 
to a humor publication for advice in planning your 
much-delayed revenge. Not the most bad-ass of 
plans, friendo. Here's what to do next time — 
just politely ask for your magazine back. 
Because, if things had gotten physical, let's ў Mai 
just say we'd be putting our money on ce Hay | 

the sweaty lady! —Ed. 


FOR SPY VS SPY" GEAR AND E VISIT SPYMUSEUMSTORE.O EVERYTHING SPY YOU CAN BUY 


LETTERS апр 


TomaToes ٠ 


This double-sized installment of “Envelope of the Month" comes 
from the eerily prescient Ed Meisinger of Mendota Heights, MN! 
Amazingly, Ed illustrated on not one, but TWO subjects that are 
featured in this very letters page — Alice in Wonderland (easy 
now, Todd Dukel) and Mad Men! How does he do it?!? Far be it 
from us to question the workings of a genius...or of Ed Meisinger 
of Mendota Heights, MN! 


IS ае MO 
THE FOOLS OF ENGAGEMENT 


My fiancé and I love to read your magazine. We each get The youth camp at Cape Henlopen State Park gave а 32-MAD-salute to retiring 
our own copy so that we can read it together. It has made pastor (and longtime MAD fan) Kent Smith (center, Ist row, in the blue shirt). 
our dreams come true on many occasions, and on days Sorry Pastor Kent — maybe next time they'll spring for the gold watch! 


when we didn’t have toilet paper, it saved us a trip to the 
store. Thanks for the memories! 


Beatriz Lopez ٠ West Warwick, RI 


B-Lo — You're welcome for making your dreams come true. And 
thanks for getting separate subscriptions — we love money! In 
fact, if you'd like to make OUR dreams come true, please have a 
bunch of children (we're talking about a Duggar-esque number of 
kids) and get each of THEM their own subscription, too. And for 
the love of God, buy them some toilet paper! —Ed. 


THE BIG 
EASEL 


Sam Irwin of Essex, Ontario sent 
in this stained glass Alfred head, 


GOING THROUGH AN : 
AWKWARD PHRASE У 


made by Liz Semperger of Essex а » { ~ 
Stained Glass. Thanks, Sam! If In #503 on page 27, Jeffrey Lozenge says “Whoa Nelly! 7 
we ever open a church, we Do people still say “Whoa Nelly!” in 2010? Doesn't this fi 


promise to install it right next to have something to do with stopping horses? 


the Spy Vs. Spy baptismal font! Daniel Weinberg * Gary, IN 


@ 7 
Cheese and Weinberg — Are you kidding? That phrase has 6 д 
never been bigger! Why, you just used it twice! Thanks for ў — 
spreading the word! —Ed. s 


Hokey smokes, you lucky mama-babies! Everyone who had 
their letter published is getting a whole bunch of awesome 
stuff! You'll get V: The Complete First Season and The Big Bang 
Theory: The Complete Third Season, courtesy of our friends 
at Warner Home Video; Despicable Me, from our buddies at 
Universal Home Entertainment; The Story of Island Records, 
thanks to our amigos at Universe Publishing, A/ Jaffee's MAD 
Life, from our compadres at It Books, Racquet Sports for the 
PS3, from our chums at Ubisoft, and The Music of DC Com- 
ics: 75th Anniversary Collection, courtesy of our pals at Water- 
Tower Music! If you didn't get your letter printed, pep up, cubby 
— these goodies are all on sale now! Next time, maybe you'll 
just drop us a line and avoid this kind of heartbreak! 


MAD #507 IS ON SALE DECEMBER 21! 


William Gaines Founder ο ους Got the MAD website A you ned is your name ad 
John Ficarra Editor Diane Nelson Amy Genkins David Hyde zip code to renew, change your address, give a gift sub- 
President Senior VP, Business VP, Publicity scription, check your account balance and expiration dates 
з 7 and Legal Affairs 5 Or to request a missing issue. Just go to www.madmag.com 
EDITORIAL Dan Didio and Jim Lee Sue Pohja or call 1-800-4MADMAG (US. and Canada only) or write 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Editors Co-Publishers Steve Rotterdam VP, Book Trade Sales to РО. Box 421800, Palm Coast, FL 32142-1800! Please 
5 ^ Senior VP, Sales and DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our New York office — 
Dave Croatto Associate Editor сок nie 55 Marketing ee ° we're too dumb to help you here! 
ief Creative Officer J ising an J 
ART DEPARTMENT John Rood John Cunningham Custom Publishing ver Dee πα D Broadway New York, NY, 10019. 
Sam Viviano Art Director Execute Vice President, У Малаба Bob Wayne Or e-mail us at lettersGmadmagazine com 
Ryan Flanders Assistant Art Director Sales, Marketing and Terri Cunningham VP. Sales E 5 атлар Mesi ed not 
8 5 returned or acknowledged, however, unless t! are 
Doug Thomson Production Artist Business Development VP, Managing Editor Mark Chiarello accompanied 7 2 sel addressed, stamped envelopel 
8 ii i il n't read faxed submissions! 
Contributing Artists And Writers dox asam aa ا‎ 
Š Executive Vice President, VP, Manufacturing Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 
The Usual Gang of Idiots Finance and Administration VISIT OUR WEB SITE! MADMAG.COM 


тне FUNDALINi PAGES 


I HAVE 
TO GIVE ALL 
THE GLORY TO 
SENATOR JOHN 


HOW THE GOP IS PLANNING TO 
RECAPTURE THE HOUSE AND SENATE ` 


Discourage those “Obama = Hitler” signs at са 
rallies, because they make some right-wingers 92 
more likely to approve of the President. 


4 Go through back issues of Cosmopolitan 
and Playgirl to find the next Scott Brown. 


This time, rig the ballots in every state 
except Florida and Ohio. 


Pay athletes to put political messages 
where they normally put religious ones. 


Remind voters how Obama blocked 

their plans for free universal health care. 

(Given the attention span of most 
Americans, it just might work.) 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artist: Mort Drucker 


E LeLievre and Let LeLievre 
Phrases to Avoid On Your 


College Application Essay 


The best piece of advice I've ever received was from 
my father, who said, "Son, you should not be doing 
that with your sister." 

I've overcome much adversity in my life, but none 


more poignant than when, at the helpless age of 
fourteen, I was cut off breastfeeding for good. 


If I had to choose, I would say my best quality is 
definitely my fully-functional sense of smell. 


* yas 


“One of you shall betray me. 
Four of you shall get book deals.” WO 


x Dear Admissions Officer: 1 have your son... 


BAITIT варо ISAY pue 1M 


I apologize in advance for any grammatical errors; 


Iam copying someone else's essay last minute. 


The greatest moment in my life was definitely my 
birth. Imagine: my mother screaming as my head 
protrudes through her gaping genitalia, blood and 


bits of placenta gushing onto the floor... ГМ OKAY — YOU'RE A FILTHY, REPULSIVE WHOR 


My legs pirouetted almost by themselves — Iwas 
doing it, what I was meant for. I was finally per- 
forming “Swan Lake” by myself, wearing only socks. 


1 used to not want to go to college. Then І saw 
Girls Gone Wild: Co-Ed Edition... 


And then there was the time my brother sneezed 
and snot got all over my shoe! Let's see, what else 


has happened to me... 


uaque) qoer aM 


Who in the F**k Moved My Cheese? 
It Was You, Wasn't It, You Miserable C**t?! 


1ομά[Φ9/ωο» οιοιΦρο]ς! :o10ud 


Writer: Joe Masterman 


LINDSAY LOHAN'S RECENTLY 
DISCOVERED PRISON TWEETS 


ай 


Lilo 


Ugh these prison uniforms don't show ANY cleavage! 


Bad news: inmates here make wine in toilets. Good 
news: without ту SCRAM bracelet І can drink all І want! 


Just traded a “Herbie: Fully Loaded” poster for a pack 
of cigarettes. 


With all the drug dealers in prison, you think it would 
be easier to get some blow around here!!! 


My parents are so disappointed in me. This prison 
stint isn’t making them nearly as much money as they 
thought it would. 


My plan for breaking out: grind one of the walls toa 
fine powder and snort my way out! 


Today | saw a bug in my cell. GROSS! Now | know what 
John McCain lived through as a POW. 


Living with these poor women has really opened my 
eyes. Without childhood fame, | would be just a regular 
cokehead! 


| hope one of my fans sends me a cake with a nail file 
and a Korean woman in it. | need a mani-pedi BAD 


They just expect me to show up in the meal room? 
Don't they know | charge $25,000 an appearance?!? 


THE LOST IPHONE COMMERCIAL 


Tad 


y 


I'm ready. 
Let me see 


If you want to 
see her again, you'll 
do exactly as 


The Fast Five 
Ways to Punish Arizona for 
Their Anti-Immigration Law 


1 During beauty pageants, ask Miss Arizona really tough 
questions, making her less likely to win. 


2 When Smokey the Bear does his PSA about preventing 
forest fires, have him specifically exempt people 
camping in Arizona. v 


3 If there's an Arizona business trip you simply can't put 
off, at least bring your own bed, ice, Porta-Potty, etc., 
so you won't have to spend money at a hotel. 


4 If you want to visit a huge, majestic canyon, go to one 
of the other 49 states' huge, majestic canyons. 


ow your defiance for the law iring an Шера! іт- 
Show your defi for the law by hiring an illegal i 
migrant to do back-breaking labor at near-slave wages. 


CUNLESS You DONT 
ВЕ! 


— 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artists: Evan Dorkin & Sarah Dyer 


Now do 
you believe 
that we're 

serious? 


1 just want my 
granddaughter 
back 


d 
ra 


) 


You're... 
you're a 
monster. 


one элеа HNUM 


тне FUNDALINi Pace 


THE EGREGIOUS EIGHT = 
THE REAL REASONS LEBRON JAMES 
SIGNED WITH MIAMI 


1 If Miami was good enough for Bea Arthur, Rue McClanahan and 
Betty White, then it’s certainly good enough for him 


2 Couldn't miss the chance to play for up-and-coming Coach "What's-his-name" 


3 The Miami Symphony Orchestra's exquisite rendition of Beethoven's 
Symphony No. 7 in A major (which is also why Chris Bosh signed there) 


4 An encouraging fortune cookie at the Panda Express 
in Coral Gables sealed the deal >» 


5 Is amused by the antics of the Heat mascot Burnie, who, like LeBron, 
also doesn’t have to pay state income taxes 


6 Feels a responsibility to raise his family in an atmosphere with gigantic insects 


ayers 408 SY ISUN yer IM 


7 Wanted a beautiful lakefront home to spend the lockout of 2011 
8 The move gives him the best chance at winning an NBA title, рел, 
just as soon as Kobe Bryant, Paul Pierce, and Dwight Howard retire zZ 


WHAT DO YOU KNOW? 
YOU'RE JUST THE NANNY. | {ELSE WOULD CRAP IN HER DIAPERS? 


OTHER POSSIBLE ANSWERS TO THE RIDICULOUS QUESTION... 
Could switching to Geico really save you 
15% or more on car insurance? 


Do masseuses 
charge extra 
for a “Happy 

Ending”? 


Are 
timeshares 
a bad 
investment? 


Are 
real estate 
prices down in 
Detroit? 


ХУ 


YY: 


Does the 
History Channel 
show a lot 
of Hitler? 


Is the 
Gaza Strip a bad 
place to hold 
your kid's Bar 
Mitzvah? 


Are the 
Eagles planning 
another “final” 
tour? 


h Does 
а Does q Nancy Grace 
Tiger Woods love a missing 
like white white girl 


Is James 
Cameron a 
fan of his own 
work? 


women? story? 


Is Rush 


ер рро; 35nJy pue зым 


Do Limbaugh a folding 
paparazzi chair's worst 
love a good nightmare? 
nip-slip? 


—— = 


“Ooh, let's try that new place down there." дай 
8 Rick Tulka 


ADVERTISEMENT 


Although we're programmed to ignore it, there's a network of stupidity out 
there. It can be viewed everywhere (even in your own home) and it has led to 
animated discussion. But don’t panic — you might be able to change things, 
and the chances of success aren't remote. There are signals being broadcast 
across the universe — and the answer is out there — you just have to tune in. 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT 


1⁄2 Xa 


CARTOON NETWORK and the logo are ademais of and © 2090 Cartoon Network. Al other marks are property of their reapective owners, 
MAD LOGO and ай related MAD MAGAZINE characters and elements are trademarks of and © E C. Publications, inc 


«М ack so mar [3 


м 


ENI 


MEETS N 


== THe FUnbDaLini 5 


Possible Last Lines from the 
Kids on How I Met Your Mother 


YOU'VE 
BEEN TELLING 
THIS STORY FOR 
WEEKS, AND THAT'S 
THE ANSWER? 
JUATE? 


THAT'S NICE... 
BUT WHY THE HELL 
DID YOU FEEL IT WAS 
NECESSARY TO TELL US 
ABOUT THE 27 OTHER 
WOMEN YOU SLEPT 
WITH BEFORE 


š DAD, IT SEEMS LIKE 
A LOT OF YOUR STORY 
WAS IRRELEVANT TO 
THE ULTIMATE 
CONCLUSION. 


“My opinion about current politics? 
| would Zoza//y do Sarah Palin!” 


INSANE THEORIES FROM GLENN BECK , "ssi, ° € 
TO WATCH FOR THIS FALL „ 


— 


Democrats are behind the plot to develop and release . 
more and more awesome first-person shooter video #4 

games, so kids will lose interest in real guns and not notice when their 
"right to bear arms" is repealed. 


In 1940, Barack Obama's then 4-year-old father made a secret deal with Hitler that 
the Nazis would commit unspeakable atrocities against humanity in order for his future 
son's agenda to look good in comparison when he seized power in 2008. 


A little-known part of the proposed Immigration Reform Bill requires every American citizen 
to perform 80 hours of community service doing yard work, minor construction jobs, and 
providing nanny services for an undocumented Mexican family living illegally in the U.S. 


The government is secretly mining data from Facebook about its top Farmville players 
to see which Americans are ideally suited to be forced into slave labor on Obama's 
coming Socialist work farms. 


Administration-directed environmentalists secretly blew up the BP offshore rig 
50 oil would fill the Gulf of Mexico and eventually float to Cuba, providing free 
petroleum to the despicable Communist regime Obama so loves. 


“Obamacare” wants to fund nutrition and wellness programs solely because people 


who live healthier, more active lifestyles probably won't sit on their ass 


кара 
listenting to four hours of my daily radio and TV shows. °` ` 


Writers: Brian & Sean Fa Artist: Anton Emdin 


No matter what you put into the GPS, it gives you 
directions to an Apple store. 


Built-in calculator often shorts out when you're 
computing your mega-monthly cell phone bill. 


Screen is always obscured by fingerprints, so no 
matter whom you're video conferencing with, 
they look like Abe Vigoda. 


Over 200,000 apps in the app store means you'll 
need to cough up at last another four hundred 
bucks before the damn thing does anything. 


It's nearly impossible to call and complain about 
the crappy AT&T service on a phone that only 
works on crappy AT&T service. я 


Writer: Dick DeBartolo є 2 ?, 
Celebrity Cause-of-Death * ç 
Betting Odds 7 


LADY GAGA 


* Massive blood loss from accidental 
bra-bullet wound....4:1 


* Catastrophic chafing from constant penis-tucking...6:1 


* Impaled on cone-shaped bra worn by 
“unknown assailant"............... 8:1 


Ф Someone uses a pitchfork to po- po- poke her face......10:1 


Dies on impact after death leap from her 13-foot 
platform boots........12:1 


* Trips and falls over clothes 
rack while shopping at 


i -1,750,000:1 


Купа Э T aswy pue ашм. 


"Hi, I'm from Jerks without Borders.” 


Condon 


Availablefat: 


TOYS). 06 ж болы 


А MAD AD PARODY 


тне гопрампі PAGES 


Like Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown, 
Levi has posed naked in a national magazine. 


Like former Senator John Edwards, Levi got a chick knocked up. 


Like former President Bill Clinton, he’s become a 
national punch line for every hacky water-cooler comedian. 


Like former Vice President Dan Quayle, he’s no Jack Kennedy. 
Like President Obama, Sarah Palin haaaaates him. 
Like Senator John McCain, Levi haaaaates Sarah Palin. 


Like former Governor Rod Blagojevich, he'll 
whore himself in any way to stay in the spotlight. 


Like former Wasilla Mayor Sarah Palin, Levi barely 
has a passing knowledge of government and politics. 


E WIFE, YOU'VE CONSTANTLY 
MY WHOL! к Dative CE 


CHICKEN PARMIGIANA 
WITH EXTRA CHEESE! 


WHO NEEDS А MAN WHEN А MAN WHEN 
You HAVE CHEEL WHIT’ FROTEN YoourT. 


Idea and Art: Corey Pandolph 


cassie SPY vs. SPY 


40 
STUPID 


ADVENTURES 


ΟΝ. ALL-NEW 
| SPY VS. SPY 


on sale NOVEMBER 23 


This Special Edition is NOT part of your 
MAD subscription — You have to go down to the store and BUY IT!!!!! 


eres а Fox TV show that's getting heavy buzz. It 
concept that's completely original: It's about "Freaks 
and Geeks” in a “High School Musical" who want 
“Fame.” So "Bring It On!" Okay, maybe it's not so 


WRITER: ARNIE KOGEN 
original. In fact, if you like this show, you're clearly.. 


When | formed the Glee Club, | rounded up 
the usual high school misfits...a Goth lesbo 


is “Be True to Yourself.” 


The kids are fine. I'm talking about 


These kids have no 


ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


IE theme of this show 


punker, a troubled gay, a plus-sized sassy 
black, a kid in a wheelchair! Who else...? 
Is there a dyslexic blind kid in town who 
can do Beyoncé? Is there a Siamese twin 
with asthma who can belt out some emo? 


Eg  Mr.Schmoo! He's a neatly-dressed, well- 
groomed guy who's having "marriage 
troubles" and is obsessed with the Glee Club! f 


I'm Shrew Stillfester, the cheer 

coach. I'm Attila the Hun in a 

track suit! I'm tough. | drive a 
tank to work! | laugh at oil 


My goal is to destroy 
the Glee Club! And, 
while I'm at it, lay waste 
to Belgium. | hate the 
glee club! | hate music! 
l once pistol whipped 
Elton John! 


identity! They're trying 


1 loathe Glee! You might say 
to find themselves! 


І despise anyone I'm difficult to be 


who can carry а } | around. It's not just 


tune. That's why [M my vile personality. 
I'm fine with 


Justin Bieber and κ sweat suit for 14 
Miley Cyrus! straight 


1 agree! These kids 
need to be honest 
about who they 


Here's a sugges- 
truly are. 


tion: let them 


ῇ tribute to the video “Trapped in the Closet!” look in the trash! 


Osama Bin Laden tapes of me 
ss لي‎ 


and scare the hell out of him! 


1 


HIGH SCHOOL ἐς 


I dreamed a dream 
in time gone by. -JI 
Wait! Where's my pin 
а]. spot? Where аге my 
„backup singers? І need 
ў hair and makeup! 
2 


Rugaluch 
is right up 
there with 
Britney Spears, 
Mariah Carey 
and Whitney 
Houston! 


When this series started | was 
pregnant. I'm not sure who the 
father was. It could have been 

Flint. Could have been Cluck. Could 


FYI: one girl can’t get 


Nothing ever 
another girl pregnant! 


changes in teen 

| dramadies! It's still 
the popular kids 
vs. the outcasts! 


The only time we were 
ever cool was when 
someone tossed a 
slushie in our face! 


In being a self- 
| absorbed, high- 
maintenance, 
spotlight- 
hogging diva! 


The Glee 

Club has 
completely Ë 
taken over 


You're wrong, 
Principal Friggens. 
Really? Then I'm 
definitely having 
the Goat take a 
paternity test! 


Really? The statue of 

M Rutherford B. Hayes 
It's all E] has been replaced by 
Glee! one of Lady Gaga! 


Goat. It could have been Epiphany 


Omigod, Here comes 
here. I've been with all of them! 


another one! 


Why 
all the 
tears, 


| just witnessed 
something very 


sad, Mr. Schmoo. 


What's that? 


A song that doesn't 
involve me! 


Rugal 


He's so talented! 


like, a 
musical 
genius! 


Have you ever 
seen high school 
production numbers 
this awesome? 


He's not actually 
in a wheelchair 
He's —he'sjusta 

| great actor! 


Guys, ١ 
overheard you 
| talking about 
me- that's 
really nice! 


about 


actually yeah — 
in Hairspray 
nd Footloose! 


= ΜΝ 
It’s magical! 
because 
of their energy? 
Magical because 
of their ability to 
seamlessly belt 


We were 
talking 


Drake on 
[| Degrassi, | 


Y'know on these TV talent 
shows they always say: 
“You're going to Hollywood!” 
Or "You're going to Vegas"? 


You're 
going to 
Steubenville! 


Rollin’, Rollin’, Rollin on the river... 


1 amazing 
group! 
Everything 
from 
show 
tunes to 
hip hop! 


No. It's 
magical 
because 


М 
l| drums and ` 


strings have 
appeared 

from out of 
nowhere! 


У Ооор ооор ооор shoop -- JJ 


DN 

And clever! Last week they danced 
through the boys' locker room 
singing "Smells Like Teen Spirit," 
then they cha-cha'd through the 
homeless shelter singing "Ain't 
Too Proud to Beg," and finished 
up at the local hospice singing 
"Another One Bites the Dust"! 


XS 


This cast is brilliant! 
They've mastered 
the art of precision 
singing and 
dancing! 


They've espe- 
cially mastered 
the art of lip- 
synching to a 
sound track! 


fe" ДАС ee 


Okay, do another с Іп case you haven't noticed, lunkhead, we have по plot! And, let те clue you 
split! Higher! Hey, this cheer practice in — boys 12-18 years old are a “target audience” of this show! They have 
| Sexier! Jump wider! | | has nothing to do with | | raging hormones! They are not tuning in to hear a "Liza Minelli tribute"! They 
Show more stuff! this week's plot! want T & A. Who's gonna give it to them, you? Now get out of my face! 
77 ч, г 3j 


How the %@#$ did this Y'know, | think 
happen? | went from Dim, do you Cole Porter said it best 
being Brett Favre to think we'll when he wrote... 
Bret Michaels! From Joe | | ever get back = 
Montana to Joe Jonas! to being Cole Porter??!! Oy! 
— macho dudes? © We're dead meat, man!!! 


78. 


m Dim! Not your 
typical dumb jock. I'm Cluck! | joined 
I'm your musical Glee, too. We were 
dumb jock! I’m a hunks, now we're 
¥ football player who the hunkettes! | 
joined Glee Club! Yecccch! 


But then 


Have you 
they saved 


Hey, Tuna. Want to talk 
Why the funk? about it? Old MacDonald had a Farm, noticed? Last week they 
— EPUM E-I-E-I-O! Almost Send were kind of Uu 
y Grand- n Gossip бі К persona stumped when episode 
And on this farm he had moment in Epihany gota j by singing * 


father and Parenthood 
this series Ñ| nose bleed at the "Sundae 
Bloody 


died. Run they talk about a vehicular homicide, 
over bya it. Here, we SING leads into a malt shop over 
tractor. about it! Hit it! the weekend! Sunday”! 


Here's a We've 
surprise — become 


; 8 Principal Friggens, for the 16th But there's 
— 6 time in 14 shows I'm asking for travel expenses! [7 going to Europe! j 
guess her back- be gh кап yor more money for the Glee Club! The Big —r—— 
Who's up group. hear me in the back? Competition [jf Just make a left 
got Suddenly is next week! Ё at Maryland 
another f Rugaluch, they can and keep the 
hear you in Canada! We have enough 2 windows 
for a bus! Wi rolled up tight! 


This is all about ... And Bottom line: 
album sales, and residuals | |our Glee Club is 


7 Poor Mr. 


| 
We gave it a shot! Yes, we j 
) Schmoo! 


came in 27th. Nothing to 


be ashamed of. Beaten by | ^ He iTune downloads, and a huge cash 
Sweden and their tribute =< doesn't and record deals and live cow! We didn't 
- havea dominating the cross- concert lose. We're big 
media landscape... dates! 


to Abba, and edged out 
by Lichenstein yodeling 2 


“We Are The World”! p 


But this is not about 
winning! It's about hopes 
and dreams, about keeping 
your dreams alive when 
your heart gets broken! 
Be strong, independent 

and confident! You sang (И 
your hearts out! I'm proud 

of you! If there are any 9 

inspirational Hollywood 
movie clichés | haven't 

uttered, forgive me 
It's been a long journey. 
Im zonked! 


Gang, The best But you can Now gimme @ That’s what That's what I : Finally, 


аўца things іп keep ет ... Iwant dD wab-ab-ab-ant Something 
Time to tell y lifeare |] for the birds (Багу what Niet 


it like it is! free... I want) ў ‹ believable! 


Se 


CEN SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


{ΡΜ ARAGONES 


nie А 


ACTI 


й А а "‏ ننه 
я ^ WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONÉS COLORIST: TOM LUTH‏ 
i ' ^.‏ 


LEANING 
STATION 


STATION 


ك 


ΕΞ 
£ 
£ 
ў 


¢ 2 T 
B 


In Level І, you'll master basic conversational skills, 
including greetings and introductions, simple questions 
and answers, shopping, and much more! You'll be 
translating from to Gibsonin no time! 


I'm gonna bury you in the fing rose garden, 
but b$&w me first. 


Your logic sucks because you're a f#@%ing mentally 
deprived idiot. 


If you get raped by a pack of n%#@&s, it'll be your 
fault, all right? 


You look like a f#@%ing bitch in heat. 
I should have f#@%ing woken you up and said b$&w me. 
In Level ІІ, you'll gain the confidence to talk about your 


environment, such as giving and getting directions, dining out, 
shopping, and enjoying basic social interactions: 


You f#@%ing deserved it. 


І waste so much g@ddamn money on you! 
LEAVE, c*^t-bitch-gold-digger-c*^t-whore. 


B$&w me, bitch. 


Learn at your own pace. We won't waste your time by endlessly 
cramming memorization and drills down your throat! 


Mel Gibson Domestic Abuse Edition 


E SPARE CHANGE YOU CAN BELIEVE IN DEPT. 
50, SWEETCHIPS, YOU 
EVER DO іт UNDER 
A RAILROAD OVERPASS? 


E 


ce 


With the economy on life support and jobs disappearing 
quicker than Lady Gaga's fashion ensemble at a Mets 
game, many once-upstanding citizens are taking to the 
street to bum a little survival money. Asking for a handout, 
however, is not quite as simple as it seems. There's a 
right way and a wrong way. And, since reading through 
this lame introduction means you no doubt have more time 
than cash, you might want to take a long, hard look at... 


50 τ ONLY NEED 
ANOTHER 79 CENTS 
AND TLL BE ABLE 

πο BUY BACK MY 

HEISMAN TROPHY 
FROM THE NINJA 
GUYS WHO STOLE IT. 


This is one area where work 
and romance clearly do not mix. 


If you're going with a fake nun routine, 
be sure to do your homework first. 


For reasons that sh 
the hat is 


If you're employing a 
at least make it a plausible one. 


WHOA! HOLD ОР, JASPER! 
YOU'RE JINOLING LIKE 
AN ICE CREAM TRUCK! 


, "m < 
If you re exploiting a medical condition, 
be sure it’s one that engenders sympathy. 


| Never use a metal detector to scou rospective m 


= THE BEAST AND THE BRIGHTEST DEPT. 


t was always my dream to work 
alongside great scientific minds at 
a top-secret laboratory of a leading 
pharmaceutical company, finding cures 
for all the newest childhood diseases. 
Well, it was, until I found out I had to work 
with monkeys. 


You see, I have a real problem with monkeys. 


Both my parents were attacked by a pack 
of wild monkeys and I've never forgiven 
them. The monkeys, I mean, I’ve never 
forgiven the monkeys. It was at a drive-thru 
animal park. They dragged my parents from 
our car, slapped them senseless, jumped up 
and down on them, took their clothes and 
then stole the car with me still in my car seat. 
Like a latter-day Tarzan, the monkeys tried to 
raise me as their own, but one day I managed 

ў to escape with the help of the guy who 
drove the Mr. Softee truck. 


«іа? (зра 
үш ΄ з 2 [dz Δ ды 
Gp x г ) É e 
— الم‎ ' 


But that’s all in the past and if I ever 
wanted to attain my dream, I realized I had 
better overcome my deep dislike of monkeys. 
I would repeat over and over: “Not all monkeys 
are bad monkeys.” 

I worked in the Cure Division, which was 
across the hall from the Plague Division, 
where they'd create the new diseases for us 
to combat. 

We were all assigned a lab monkey. My 
monkey’s name was Mr. Aims. He was called 
that, I guess, because he'd point and then 
urinate in that direction. But sometimes he'd 
fool you and point in one direction then 
suddenly turn and urinate in a different 
direction. His other stunt was — and this 
was the one that got him in trouble — he'd 
reach into the back of his diaper and take 
out a handful of you-know-what and throw 
it at the neck of whoever wasn't looking. 


Now, having been 
partially raised by 
monkeys, I learned that 
when a monkey throws 
its feces at your neck, it’s 
saying one of two things: 
"Let's play tag and you're 
it!” or, “I don't respect 
you.” Actually, there is a 
third, “Happy Birthday,” 3 ⁄ Ç < 
but I don’t think that un fo is 
10 have but for all the raging 


\ Y = اسا‎ 


applies here. probably wou 
He got me a couple of times, but when bacteria invading his system so rapidly. In 
he hit Dr. Charmers, who was the head of less than a minute he became a twitching, 
the whole Plague Division, with a handful, vomiting, numb-handed, drooling, cock- 
Ithought to myself, “Oops, bad career move, | eyed, fat-tongued man. The good news 
Mr. Aims.” is, in trying (but ultimately failing) to help 
And sure enough, Dr. Charmers was Dr. Charmers get better, we discovered a 
pretty cheesed off and ordered me to inject cure for hiccups. 
Mr. Aims with every epidemic, virus and Looking back, I realize that if Mr. Aims 
disease we had on hand. And we had a lot. hadn't dipped his you-know-what in all those 
There was Fat Tongue, Loopy Eye, Numb diseases before throwing it, I would have 
Hand, Lazy Mouth, the Vertical Vomits, lost my job that day. And twice since then, 
Stuttering Eyelids, the Jimmy Shakes, through similar behavior, he has probably 
Garnotica's Palsy, the Rapid Twirlies, and helped me get important promotions. 
à bunch more that didn't have names yet. I'm now the Assistant Director of the whole 
One of the first things you learn if you Plague Division, and I have finally made my 


ever want to be a success in science is always | peace with all monkeys. They have taught 
do what your supervisor tells you. SoI went | me an important lesson: yes, there are bad 


to the Plague Division and got petri dish monkeys and good monkeys, but also unique 
samples of every sickness they had and monkeys that can be helpful career partners. 
returned to my station. But then I thought, I have to go now because the new director, 
“Wait, is this right? Is this good science? who was just appointed, is going to be 
Is this monkey being punished for doing inspecting the labs today. 
what is, after all, the monkey way of life?" I'm sure he's going to want to meet 

As I slowly deliberated on this ethical Mr. Aims. My special number two man. 


dilemma, I failed to notice Mr. Aims take 
out another handful of you-know-what, dip 
it into all the different diseases, and fling it 
across the lab, again hitting Dr. Charmers, 
this time on the side of the head. 

Dr. Charmers blamed the entire mess on 
me. He was pretty upset and it looked like 
he was going to fire me on the spot, and 


— Dr. Barry Coleman, age 35 


WRITER: BRIAN MCCONNACHIE ARTIST: LEONARDO RODRIGUEZ 


We're not sure what to think about the Tea Party Move 
ment. On the surface, they're loud, goofily-dressed, and have 
a questionable grasp of history. But on the other hand, those 
are the very same things we love about our favorite restau 
rant, Medieval Times! In the end, it doesn't really matter what 


we think — it’s much more interesting what THEY think 
Which is why we're so eager to explore, 


Tea Party 


3 : at 
Teabaggers fear tha E ...but are in favor of 

America is becoming à Arizona forcing people 
oppressive, totalitarian to show their papers, 


government... just like in an oppressive, 
totalitarian government! 


28 


— — 
Teabaggers condemn then shell out $100,000 to a speaker 
fiscal irresponsibility. ES who needs to write crib notes on her hand! 


„ы ers compare and then display the same kind 

Teabags e Civil of racist, lunatic-fringe behavior 

that made the Civil Rights 
movement necessary! 


their cause to th 
Rights movement... 


'Teabaggers exercise their a all while holding a rally about how 
я lawful assembly, their rights are being taken away! 
of free speech, 


and to bear arms. -- 


U 


Ж Се ү 
A 


rs complain that ...as they hold up protest с РЗ. пеп indignantly demand ап 
Tana qasa unfairly charac- signs that show Obama as Teabaggers ἀπὸ ote ія apology for a mildly critical 
6 е) 7 misrepresented... Hitler, the Joker, or both! of jerks who men derline- panel from a stupid Captain 
εν slanderous, hateful, э America comic book! 


ist signs ir rallies..- 
racist signs at their 


ment rules and 


ery govern „..which happened 
"Teabaggers decry govern" »rica' й 
пас that interfere with Americas because there weren't 
est 3 eaming enough government 
وول‎ keep scream \ 
buta P rules and regulations! 


regulations 
businesses, 


55 ewe! 15... 
about how the banks screwed u 


fought the Health 2 
Teabaggers رود‎ SOA bill to pro- -..leaving them exposed 
Унт 23 from the imaginary "aioe aca ed tice 
tect the € 2 » 
threat of “death panels 1... health care insurance! 


Sa; 
Hos 


8 — а ¢ 5 
- 


totally dismiss ...but an uncorroborated,‏ ورووي ورا 
сас” 783 scientific reports § unsubstantiated blog posting‏ 
discus g because about Obama being born in‏ 

» Kenya? That's an iron-clad fact! 


the 
on global warming 
they're “inconclusive --- 


253 MOVE-IN VIOLATION DEPT. 


Damn, T just mass-emailed these Miley Ko 

Сен ups lot To Мае contact lst. 

If youd Remember م‎ log out When {ме 
done, This wouldnt happen, eo. 5 


He refers to your laptop as our laptop. 


S Ohman- 5, THATS Why 
mY олеүсотьс̧ Taste Like pus sacks! 
=a 


His cold sore cream 
starts showing up on 
your milk spout. 


pean His mom has a key. — 


| (Wal, I guess Hese sheets WiLL need Laundering, 
τι wi leave this ре IN the ridge. 


— TIE LEE 


— 


30 


Аке you sure, мал! — 
I mean, Г can ive 
You the money, but 
this thing Is like a 
collectors item. 

Alls if needs is a 

Little elecÍeical Work. 
And some (ауа. 


Ah, your first apartment: four walls, a couple couches... 
and a roommate passed out in his own filth. Let's 


face it, you're young and broke, so you'll have to get ) 

a roomie. And chances are he's going to be a total 

jerk — after all, he did agree to room with you! 

At least now you can tell for certain with these... : 


DAD ROOMMATE 


WRITER AND ARTIST: TERESA BURNS PARKHURST 


І know, but T could tell 
he was hungry, plus LL 
give that blindish 90 I 
brought home something 
1ο play with! 


Dude, ifs a squirrel! 
@ 


3 More often than not, he tries to Ё E 
barter for his half of the rent. 


He’s a sucker for anything homeless. 


You ate all my Double Stuf OfeoS and you get 
me aui ere иткен Cees! And what va бед to 


my tet Packets -anA what the hell axe Yum- Buches!” 


When he uses all your stuff, he replaces it 
with the dollar store versions. 


Ё ЕЗ — id! 
BI] Yeah, thisis Randy f. ана he 


He failed to mention that he has a kid. 
— YE TE, TAL T 7 
і PRomises To be Supeg 
od and not micRowave any SPRAY cans when А 


| has to leave Ток poker Tonight. Right, Bud? 


т 


p Je -T fogat ὃς mm i 
tan T just гай Yours fof this a 
document thing? 


His wanting to 
borrow stuff gets 


alittle extreme. $ 


1 (Lactose intolerance f 1 ΙΝ Come heke 2м 

elles yain, | || | check out this pictus 

ГҮ Fa | | af Lindsay Lohan- 

she looks like 2 76 
— 


ў А S 

|| | | Con on arate tie TV "N 

| ff | this war? нант 

1 (дна be a іе... E 
Н N 

(ВІ! ) 
Ну 
wA 


зі 


Dad, can you drive You can’t return Duh, that's how 
me to the mall to those, honey. They're all | bought them! 
return these jeans frayed and tattered. 

that don't fit? 


That shows 


Well, | thought you cared 
how little you 


only about how you look. 
But | was wrong — you're 
wearing a purple ribbon to 
protest the war in Darfur! 


Rene WS 


ПІ support any cause 


Why so cheery? 
that matches my outfit! 


I thought you were 
mad at me. 


Because | refused to buy 
you those outrageously 
pricey Georgio pants. 


Hi, care to What? You What a jerk! | can't believe 
dance? must be kidding! that SHRIMP would think - 

I'd ever dance with him. You've been I'm іп the ١ want to go to the But | don't want 
staring at that midst of a gym to look great in to wear this outfit 
gym outfit for this outfit. until | look great! 

I realized you | told you our 
were right. Its not little girl would 
worth all that money come to 
just to display a her senses. 
designer's name. 


Okay, everyone. 
Let's get started... 


It's time to decide which 
celebs make this year's 
^10 Best-Dressed" list. 


WRITER: STAN SINBERG ARTIST: MARC HEMPEL 


I'm sorry, miss, we І don't wear 
don't have anything anything in 
in your size. 


32 


ου like You like 
ose pant: that shirt? 


How come you How can you - Until I find out 
don't know if you expect me to what everybody 
like anything? know what | like... else likes? 


Everyone at school's Here you go. How much for 
wearing Laroosh That's $140. DN just the label? 
jeans, so | need a N 
pair, waist size 31. 


| love these sites where 1 can virtually try on dozens of | now see there are 
І can upload my photo outfits in the time it would take dozens of outfits that 
and shop for outfits! me to try on a handful at the make my butt look big! 
store. There's just one problem. 


WHEREVER BOOKS ARE STILL SOLD! 


ме Lurk In The 


ow 


IT 


* New, original, never-before-seen Sergio art! 
* An interview with Sergio conducted by former MAD Editor Nick Meglin! 
е An 18" x 24” pull-out poster featuring 500 of Sergio's favorite Marginals! 


Any book published usually goes through several drafts and revisions before making it to the bookstore. When someone like George W. Bush writes a 
book, you KNOW there are going to be drafts and revisions! (Correcting for spelling and grammar alone probably took months!) Not only that, but if Mr. 


Bush writes with the same eye for detail, accuracy, truth and transparency that he brought to his eight years in Washington, some of the material may be 
deemed “too sensitive” and have to be removed for matters of national security (read: embarrassing to Bush)! It's the sort of stuff we present here as... 


ГІ ССГ рл Ссл ССС ος 29 
DELETED К ТАЛАК.» JM GEORG 18 


As the 300 guests at the Royal Dinner in Buckingham 
Palace raised their glasses, I stood and began to speak. 
“Your Highness, on behalf of the American people, ! 
I am honored to present you with my new nickname 
for you — Queen Slappy Cheeks.” 


As we all watched, Dick Cheney nonchalantly reached into 
the chest cavity of the Assistant Undersecretary seated 
next to him, pulled out his beating heart and placed it on the 
conference table in front of us. We gazed, silently, mesmer- 
ized, as it undulated for what seemed like a solid minute. 
The Undersecretary had slumped over in his chair, a look 
of stark horror forever frozen on his lifeless face. Energy 
Secretary Abraham never brought up the idea of cutting 
subsidies to the petroleum industry ever again. 


So Dick Cheney explained to me how we could start 
a war just so we could funnel billions of dollars in 
no-bid contracts to his company, Halliburton, and 
realize obscene, windfall profits off the increased — 
stock price. I said to him, Dick, are the Press and 
American people going to stand for something 
like that?” And he just laughed and laughed and 
laughed, and pretty soon, I was laughing, too... 


Right after the “Heck of a job, Brownie” 
photo op and the TV cameras were turned 
off, I took a look around, and realized that 
the whole hurricane-struck region was a 
hellhole. I felt I was going to be remem- 
bered as the President who did nothing 
while Americans suffered. But in 2010, the 
BP Gulf of Mexico oil disaster made every- 
one forget Katrina ever happened. What a 
stroke of good luck for me! It’s true when 
they say God works in mysterious ways. 


As I walked out of the Kremlin, I held my head 
high; for now, Vladimir Putin knew, without 
question, what my 20 favorite SpongeBob epi- 
sodes were. And that list was NON-negotiable. 


Sure, I had signed off on the executions of more 
prisoners than any other Governor in modern times 
(150 or so — I forget the exact number), but this 
one was different. I was up half the night, tossing 
and turning, reviewing the pros and cons over and 
over. A fevered sweat covered me as I plumbed my 
soul for an answer. I turned to the Lord, and then 
I was calmed, knowing the right thing to do. The 
next day, that Thanksgiving turkey was pardoned! 


I see the way President Obama 
responded to the Gulf Oil 
spill and he got it all wrong, 
you know? MY first response 
would have been an invasion of 
oil-rich Venezuela — I'm sure 
there'd be some way we could 
pin the leak on Hugo Chavez... 


Jenna and Barbara knew they had done 
something wrong and were about to get 
a fatherly dressing-down. “Girls,” I told 
them, “it does not reflect well on your- 
selves, your mother or me to use fake 
IDs to get drinks at a bar. There are six 
Secret Service agents assigned to you... 
let one of THEM buy the drinks!” I think 
my message got through to them. 


Τά sum up my Presidency with these words 
I shared with my brother: “Jeb, remember 
when we were kids and you used to steal my 
candy and snitch on me to mom and dad? Well 
I haven’t forgotten. I've just spent the last eight 
years making sure no Bush would ever get 
elected President again. You've been punk'd!" 


= GRINT AND BEAR IT DEPT. 


* t i Join us, Harry — 
LN 


and become part of America's 


MADS LESS THAN-MAGICAL OUTTAKES k E E EE args, most sinister 


3G network!! 
= FROM 


à Pm sorry! 
Don't : : I'm sorry I said you - Oh no! 
pee yourself... had a worse nose than 
dont pee yourself... hold it j Michael Jackson! 


Professor McGon: 
is wearing the 5 
until you finish fighting the 
Dark Lord.. Dont 
oh, damnit! 


What do you 
mean they cast someone 
else in the Carrot Top 


biopic?!? 


That's right, 
it’s been me all along! W Ahhh — there's 
How did you THI? “Га =" Ди nothing like laying out on 
Amazon works m Ls an English beach! 
For the last time, à 
it's nota muumuu, 
it's a smock! 


I hate walking 
through these woods alone — 
I'm always afraid ГЇЇ run into 


one of those losers It's no use — 


"oye ^e : ч 
from Twilight! I've been at it for months, 


Ugh! 
Someone just ate / - г " К and this gulf coast is 
booge yore: À still filthy! 


jelly beans 


ФРУ 


کا“ 


WRITER AND ARTIST: PETER KUPER 


; BARGAIN DE-BASEMENT DEPT. 


If you're like us, you love having a good time! And of course there's no easier way to have a good time than to get out 
a giant, unwieldy book of coupons, search through it, and try your damnedest to save $3.99! To help you in that search, 
MAD offers this simple guide to the coupons you're bound to find in... 


ιο 2010 lack-of-entertainment 
Lack-of- < 


Entertainment Applebees 


Your net savings is roughly the cost of the Sunday 
paper from which the couple at the next table bought 
and clipped four “Buy One Entree Get One Free” 
coupons with no beverage requirement, which 
the same chains run every other week 


Buy One Entrée, 
Get One For Half-Price 


With the Purchase of 
Two Beverages 


lack-of-entertainment 15% off 


Your Purchase 


IHOS 


INTERNATIONAL HOUSE 
OF SKI-MASKS 


Discounts on Meals, 
Travel and Lodging That 
You Want But Never Get, 

or Get But Never Want 


BIG 
& 
TALL 


i 18 
M ok That Never Quite Pays FOU (бе 
— MANCHILD 


Discounts for businesses that are at least 75 miles 

away that you will never visit and yet still somehow 

made it into this edition in an effort to push up the 
total amount of savings this “local” book offers. 


$10 off 
any meal 


lack-of-entertainment $5 off 
οἱ 


Discounts at small, struggling independent restaurants that were 
talked into inclusion in the book by a fast-talking Lack-of-Entertaiment 
representative, who insisted “No one ever redeems these coupons,” 

but quickly learned otherwise and have since posted a handwritten sign 
reading “We No Longer Accept Lack-of Entertainment Book Coupons.” 


аа on games of the local Semi-professional 
001 soccer team — interest in 
which ha: 
үкен Practically non-existent — and EO 
0 which you had previously presumed was free 


WRITER: SCOTT MAIKO 


lack-of-entertainment 


Free One-Week 
Trial Membership 


The very same of 
at the mall wher 
hour-long tour of 


fer left on your car's windshield when you park 
e the gym is — contingent, as always, on an 
the facilities and a high-pressure sales pitch 


lack-of-entertainment 


Ер тй 


REPAIR (а) 


Фф: 


Savings on arcane products and services you'd 


never, ever use, no matter how big the discount 


lack-of-entertainment Buy One Entrée, 


Get One % Off 


Awkward discount at class 


١ , fanc / 
you'd be 1 у ρα, restaurants 


d to present a coupon at 


50% off 
Any Salad 


lack-of-entertainment 


For the salads no one ever buys anyway. 


lack-of-entertainment 10% off 


Admission 


Bs 5 Thistleon‘ 
πες САМЕН Olde Tyme 
Candle 

Shoppe 


Sassafras Farms 


Good at all nearby tourist attractions that no local ever visits. 


lack-of. entertainment 
10% off 


Inconvenient discount fr 
would only eat at on a Wi 


om higher-end, sit-down rest 
1 aurants you 
еекепа; valid Monday through Thursday. 


lack-of-entertainment Buy One, 
Get One Free 


Offer placed by the corporate heads of promotions without telling local 
franchisees — who are seeing the coupons for the first time when you attempt 
to pay, and subsequently have absolutely no idea how to process them 


lack-of-entertainment 


Buy One, 


Get One Free 


Q = 
B ums 
Bumpytush 


τὰ Gyo % 
Pumpkin Ri 0 YEAR 2 
mens BARRY STORG! 


Discounts for seaso; 
actually used had you not 
Entertainment Book and 


nal attractions that you might have 
given up trying to save money with your 
abandoned it in a junk drawer in May. 43 


SUBSCRIBE TO MAD 
AND OWN A PIECE ΟΕ = 


In the 1980s, MAD Founder 


Gaines established “The Soul 


i of MAD" — a collection of 12 
MAD covers chosen for their 
9 


2 YEARS OF MAD = 
12 ISSUES! 


PLUS THE LIMITED EDITION PRINT 


"ALFRED PAINTING THE ROAD" 
ALL FOR ONLY 6295» 


($19.99 for a 1-year, 6-issue subscription but you won't get the limited edition print! 
Don't be a tightwad, go for the 2-year subscription!!!) 


Foreign (other than Canada) orders add $10. KEYCODE: ATOTLE 


uniqueness, artistic achieve- 
ment or classic timelessness. 


Now, here is your chance to own a 
special reproduction of one of these 
covers. Subscribe to MAD for two years 
and receive a limited edition print of 
artist Norman Mingo's classic "Alfred 
Painting the Road" (MAD $96) with 
your paid subscription. 


Each limited edition print 
is 11" X 14" and bears a 
"Soul of MAD" marking. 
Each is hand-numbered 
and suitable for framing 
(or lining bird cages). 


SUBSCRIBE NOW 


TO INSURE GETTING THIS 


MAD 
COLLECTIBLE! 


BECAUSE THIS IS A LIMITED OFFER, 
WE CANNOT BILL YOU! 


2 EASY WAYS 
TO SUBSCRIBE! 


1. SUBSCRIBE ONLINE AT 
MADMAG.COM 


2. CALL 1-800-4 MADMAG 
(1-800-462-3624) 
NOTE: IF THIS IS A GIFT SUBSCRIPTION, 


THE PRINT WILL BE SENT TO THE SUBSCRIBER UNLESS 
YOU SPECIFY THAT YOU WISH TO HAVE IT SENT TO YOU. 


m PEN AND STINK DEPT. E SE "A A 


MAE, MYSELF AND MY PUPPET 


MIND SHARING 
YOUR UMBRELLA? 


JOHN KOVALESKI 


; Here? And whee 7 Under He water 
а pe migtt here be, vitae II фот Your Voice 
/ , MY CHILD? down hee! J sounds 5o сівай! 


ἰ L 


Lower How can 
anyone ger any 
loyer than Нат” 


Ë KEITH KNIGHT 


° 
š 
а 
8 
š 
: 


GOT YOUR NOSE 


ovs, T ch οὐθέν, І Mean, SPONDING ALL tuxt Money AND MY PARENTS... T wish I'D 
I can't HELP But tu MD ON GRAD Sc, TLL Be PAYING Been cds f with tiem. 
ALL tie mistades T've MaDe. BACK tise Loans ‘tic Тм Яб! т'м Quad Ам idiot | 


AWD You, Douh ...SHoulp Т HAVE 
SLIPPED ALL taat Xanax isto 

your ECA? And ten FiLLeD Youk 
ором CHest cavity with Sawdust? 


JACOB LAMBERT 


HEY, L WANNA SIGN UP FOR 
FOOTBALL! UM READY TO 
START HITTING THINGS! 


FOOTBALL'S MORE 
THAN JUST Н 
THINGS YOU KNOW. 


IT REQUIRES 
FINESSE... Е 
DEXTERITY? ΑἹ 


/ XOU GOTTA BE BUILT 
LIKE A BRICK WALL, 
BUT YOU ALSO GOTTA 

SOAR LIKE AN EAGLE. 


SCREW YOUR EAGLE, MAN. 
AN OFFENSIVE TACKLER 
JUST NEEDS TO HIT. 


OH REALLY? AND YOU 


WHAT IS FOOTBALL 
WITHOUT POETRY, 
FOR INSTANCE? 


THEN You TELL ME 


THE JARTERBACK, 
WHAT ELSE THERE IS. ала 


WILL MAKE THE THROW, 
UP THROUGH THE BLUE 
THE BALL DOES GO, 
OR ON FOURTH DOWN 
UPON THE TOE, 


THANKS FOR COVERING 
BOTH OUR TABLES WHILE 
I GOT A SODA, RICHIE. 


POETRY сца 


JUST BELOW THE SURFACE 


— ejes VE BEEN HIRED TO YO U U MUST ( GO BACK BACK 1070 
DEPROGRAM ος eee ] AND ў 


сак” ps BILL. 


‘alee l@ g 
а Si 
ў а ARE MY FAMILY МОМ If [eventuau Y. E DADDY'S HOME! a 
90 í σα шага τ; | 
١ ® бу 2 NL ( 
Z V X s 5 

$ A j 

N ορ) : 


[HANI YOU BOTH FOR NOT ON YOU BOTH FOR NOT GIVING UP ON ME! m THANK C 000 Riad PEE 


че A 
J 1 m: 


TIE уг shu 


= SURELY, YOU QUEST DEPT. 


Introduced in 2004, World of Warcraft has become the most successful MMORPG ever. Set in a world of hot flowing lava, ancient evils, mythical creatures 
and endless bloody conflicts, to the casual observer WoW may seem like nothing more than a cheesy attempt to exploit the empty lives of downtrodden 
individuals by catering to their blood-lust fantasies at a fee of $15 per month. But it's more — much, much more. And if you give us enough time, we'll 
figure out what that “more” is and get back to you. In the meantime, if you've ever wondered what 12 million-plus people are doing every night on their 


рая 
WoW: THE BACKSTORY! 


| Ten thousand years before the First War between the orcs and the humans, the world of Azeroth was sundered, and 
a storm raged where the Well of Eternity once stood. The various races each pursued their own destinies in this perilous 
new realm. A great battle erupted to determine which sect would control the supply of unobtainium, and many Na vi 
perished. Plankton failed in his quest to claim the recipe for the Krusty Krab burger. Hamlet avenged the murder of his 
father, but would not live to see the new era. Kelly Monaco claimed the crown with her natural grace, but was soon 
| unseated by the ruthless Drew Lachey. Traversing distant lands, Edward and Bella were captured by the Volturi. Woody 


With 10 types of Races, 10 different Classes, and 11 Primary 
Professions, there are over a thousand possibilities for your 
own unique character! Just try not to think about the 
existing 12 million subscribers out there, meaning that no 
matter how long you plan or what you decide, there are 
already more than 12,000 duplicates of your “unique” 
character in the game. All with more experience than you. 


The WoW experience is designed to be a true-to- 
life, intricate communal model with all the subtle 
nuances of a genuine working civilization, providing 
limitless avenues for your character to interact with 
the social strata, based entirely on your character’s 
goals and choices. So think carefully: do you prefer 
zapping people, or stabbing them? 


JORE 
THan YOUR own 
Famicy, 


Everything you need to know is right on your screen! At 
any given time, you'll see text describing your characters 
position and actions, information about all stationary and 


mobile objects in the immediate vicinity, an omen threat “й 
meter, area maps with possible flight paths, а constantly- 4 ` 
updated status bar, damage reports and attack results, | 4 4 * le т has come оле 


quest logs, icons for each of the items in your inventory { 
and also for unclaimed quest items, your totals of gold апа | 


[BossPrete| hat come PAP 


mana, an auctioneer add-on which tracks prices for items Yd — Ὃ يسول‎ ie | | 
Е 9508] has come one 
you wish to sell or purchase, text messages from other [Бяду has come ممعم‎ 


[басу has signed οἵ 
[Bicker] Fat come їое f 


characters, screen notations listing characters’ arrivals and 
departures, as well as other advanced options. | 


Elele Slo 


Once you get the hang of game play, keeping an eye on Р = а n ; 
3 * N w Б ә) 9 Га 
this all-important information will become second nature! ea EJ Κάιν A еа e = 


—— 7 ЫВА eee — so 5 05 [ei στ Пате جه‎ >} 
ο-- — —— — 


[CORF] as come online | : 


‚| You have joined the Rille 


There's nothing like the personal satisfaction of being 
a valued part of a unified team. That way, you can 
hang back as your teammates rush into one of those 
impossible dungeon killing fields, and let those other 
pseudonymous meatsacks absorb 95% of the damage! 


But every guild is different, so don’t be afraid to try 
several of them out. You may not be satisfied with 
your first guild, or your second, or your tenth, but you 
can move on. It will take time, perhaps years, but just 
keep looking until you find the perfect match for you. 
Did we mention the $15 monthly fee? 


After playing for two days, it's time to proclaim yourself an expert - 
by making your own boastful advice video and posting it on YouTube! 
Here's some tips to make your video the best ever! 

Label your video "WORLD RECORD!!!!" to make it 


stand out from the other 400,000 videos labelled World 
Record." 


Always sound authoritative, even when you're offering 
staggeringly useless advice. 


Be sure to add a pounding hard rock song blasting in the 
background for the duration of your video. (To decide on 
the music, take a look at several hundred of the other vid- 
eos, and then choose one of the five songs they all use.) 


Remember, if your video gets watched enough, you will 

have achieved the one thing every World of Warcraft player 
dreams of doing: bringing in new players even more inept 
and clueless than yourself, so you can kill them. 


now I'm here. 
you need to open 

this door... okay 
and as 


n see, й . 


WORLDIC 
EING’A BLOOD) 
1 PAN З You net 


BONUS FEATURE] 
ALOOKATTHE ~ 
ШЕОЛ EDITION... 


7 
Í Everyone's talking about the newest, 
hottest, most sizzling destination in the 
world of video games. Unfortunately, it's 
StarCraft Il: Wings of Liberty. Meanwhile, 
this is just another place with lava. 


With the release of World of Warcraft: Cataclysm, the vistas of 
this amazing world open up at least another 1% or 2%. An update 
of this magnitude hasn't been seen since they stuck eyelashes and 
a hair ribbon on Pac-Man and called it a brand new game. 


FEATURES OF WORLD OF 
WARCRAFT: CATACLYSM! 


| + Blizzard Entertainment game developers spent 5 years 
and $3 million getting Kalimdor to look like a rock. 

+ The Sunken City of Vash’ jir has a surprisingly good 
school system. 

+ Gamers can now play as goblins or werewolves — but 
WoW’'s limited graphics technology makes most players 
end up looking like Snooki or Russell Brand, respectively. 


+ New in-game ballot initiative gives players a chance 


to sign a petition to change the name of Shadowfang 
Keep to “Happydale Glen.” 


nor NEW GEAR! 


There are only so many eldritch scrolls and enchanted 
elixirs you can buy before you feel like just another Glenn 
Beck viewer who's realized that hoarding gold is ultimately 
meaningless. Luckily, there are snazzy NEW items in the 
game to buy, which are limited only by how many of them 
there are! 


+ A special three-handed axe. You'll never be able to use it! 


+ ALeBron James Miami Heat jersey 
+ Mystically unspoilable mayonnaise 
+ Those crazy birthday candles that keep re-igniting 


+ Extra apostrophes to make ordinary words seem 
more ex'otic 


* The chattering teeth — always funny! 


THE ARTICLES FORMERLY KNOWN AS REPRINTS DEPT. 
: e ب‎ = ANNI 


COMPACT 


1 HAVE Te M" 
AND FAITH 
UODHISTS 


BÉ "Lu RETURN AT 
JEVE I 2/6 ГШ — 
THE HINDUS — τ κε 
бою THE 2 TO LIVE ANOTHER, 


EARTH. 
GREEKS A — LIFE ON 
EGYPTIANS ٠ 


Пом 

j ic Strips Fo! 

Y Ine Doonesbury’ μη 
tist: Jack Rickard MAD 


No, it's the tryouts 


Or the movie poster! 
The dance contest'jj 
М Start any minute! 


Well, I've done it! lear! “Grease” turns out to 
All that's left for like why I'm If I'm ever gonna js "Mj „ea blockbuster, too, | can 
me now is to take a so inarticulate... and why і get away from my old [| dump “Kotter” ang TV forever! 
soul-searching ride resent my parents . . end why gang, and Brooklyn, > 
оп the subway, and the volume on this Bee Gees Ч ١ gotta hurry to that А 
think about where | Soundtrack song is louder than Î one girl the girl 
| am at and where | am jjj the rumble of the subway... | that’s the key to 
going with my life! and it's a soft ballad, yeti! my whole future . . . 


ie 
Saturday Night Feeble Writer: Arnie Κι 
н d ; 


AD 201 


Pom LASS - 


= ο 7 Я сл. stor a 
Princess Laidup, you are a prisoner Excuse me, but I'm from P MI — ---1ο Kazzy's 
, 1 0 clo: 
— Tweet! aboard the most advanced space Ship | | the Electric Company. E \ | — Last iat hea but they were 
سے‎ Βεεόεερ' کے‎ in history! It has fire power strong | and before you wipe out | = \ Î I went all the 


σης this 
- 0 enough to wipe out any planet! It has | any more planets, you'll 
Speed enough to wipe out any enemy! have to pay your bill! | 
And it has a Symphony Orchestra loud | | You owe us $4 million in 
enough to wipe out any audience! Now | | back Payments, and that’s 
watch as we destroy that planet ahead! just for YESTERDAY! 


hans, 
m stranger 


` long enough to ake 
2 fat check to my Ministry! 


VE 


Star Roars writer: Larn 
ч artist: Harry 


% 
ý — 

` THE RIGHT WAY... - 
THE WRONG WAY... ο ιο they e gonna look at you 


στη E — 
1 | Ур. 
4 Yes wo we сре “They both look so | 
Out! OUTH I want you | — two and say, 5ο ў ^ M 
аа аа ΓΤ] out of this house NOW! | to bathe ony ol w ا‎ re مسمس‎ 15 Yx 
E ` d الب‎ / 
V. y | 2 | | TNE Í MAD Look at So 
| || | 2 k а, АЧ) Writers john баё, 
І 4 = i "m à 
/ А [ 
1 


Pur | 
iy * 42 4 ій | | 
| | 


ο. 
2 


/ 
(i n — 4 МЕ bout being 
EON ee couple | | Last week the, | | groat abou 
EB i | Ac е Station! You can talk | КЕ | before that... 


Y I > bickering couple‏ و 
КЎ =) | М оп the cruise 1‏ 

- Jic here, maybe ne 

AY... Dad, I'm at fae a charge of them into reducing the, 


JP BEEN bıi week... was τ 1 many different 
N ° 2 THE WRONG ‚| [тени “ай ‚түш d kidnapping ا‎ charge to “possession 
з артэ 1 саге, Hoph ake m 


|| № і Le \ + "MEE У. 
2 1 ` 2 71 
— ή 2 ΜΙΝ | y / ; You're right!! 
uf М 1 
before, 
if you get right down Sey wes old 
Dad, i'm at the 


74 
урач v, 4 4! [Say ... didn't we That's what's so 
VL 4 
\ — 
3 Ne 7 
2 Q people! 
and the week, je ‘they were older! y types of реоріе! 
| just got busted for 


А 
| Y Ὁ 


' i егудау 
macy in Ev“ η 
Мар Віна Hart Artist: paul C: 


dialogue X 
that makes ZA 
— a “еа Î them sick! 1 
rr Cal А а 
- 10 matter what city or to 
пабег w — ide wh 
you're driving in when К — 
Stop fora light. AS У 


12 0 


Ie 


|] 
M 


— 2. Р дї 


7 | ° ою Around 
pl ~ | iter: Dick desert 17 Noon Ona p 
i he guy in the next car po Ma e * А Movie set writer and Artist: 


is always mete 5 паь дыш 
ays picking his nose, ; E 0 4 . ** 


7 urf s и 


Ў], оп пеш 


Dead Lobster catastrophic 


For the Sea Crude Lover In You seafood 


*. . creations! 


E 


28, 


— 0 r 
me Celebrate Ou 
саў Coast Disaster De 


America’s favorite greasy, discount seafood restaurant just got a little greasier, and a whole lot cheaper! 
How can we bring you these irresistible entrées at such a low cost? It’s all thanks to BP — Bargain Pricing! 

At Dead Lobster, our seafood is so plentiful, it’s literally washing up on shore! Hurry in today! It’s gonna be a BLOWOUT! 
Try these 
Signature Sides! 
Plumin' Onion. $5.99 
Jalapeño Tar Balls...$2.25 
Potato Leak Soup....$1.99 


All entrées come with a 
wilted marsh grass salad 
covered in oil and vinegar 


Battered & Bruised Shrimp Grilled Blackfin Tuna 


Get this home-style dish Formerly Bluefin Tuna, this 
while you still can! Because, succulent dish will have you 


New Orleans Blackened 
Seafood Jumble-aya! 


A Creole-inspired blend гой! 
of scallops, crab, sea turtle, Е Gulf shrimp this big and - shouting “Grill, Baby, Grill!” and MORE oil! 
and whatever else might non-deformed won't be The irresistible flavor explodes 

be in there. Sautéed ia the Onl around much longer. in your mouth like an oil rig А MAD AD PARODY 
same oll they were dripping πιν Served with garlic potatoes that lacked any Weipa вавы 
in when we caught them! К | كد‎ thoroughly smashed as oversight! Try pai 


the di etlands! ew, refreshing Τι Tea! PHOTOGRAPHY: 
е surrounding wetlands our new, refreshing Texas Теа! ONE ἀσκὶ; 


You won't find better seafood! Seriously, you won't...it's all dead. 


= = 


[vs covernmenr sanovr Ero | — — — 

AMOUNT RECEIVED ΝΒ 

$85 Billion 

$48 Billion | 
$71 Billion || 


Ё Fannie Мае 
AIG 

| General Motors 

Bank of Amer 
Citigroup : 

μα. ui 


KISS HAPPINESS GOODBYE. WE CAN'T GET AWAY FROM 
KILLER PROBLEMS. IT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE REWARD- 
ING THINGS TO LOOK FORWARD TO INSTEAD OF BASH- 
ING OUR BRAINS WORRYING. EVERY MAN AND WOMAN'S 
JOB IS THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS, NOT MISERY. 
BUT IN THE END, NO MATTER WHAT, WE WILL ALL BE HIT 


FINALFANTASYXIV.COM 


© درح 


nd а 
7 N 


Ñ 
\ 


SQUARE ENIX. 
-——. amazoncom 


