ANGRY CHARLIE SPIDER-MAN KANYE STAR 
BIRDS SHEEN MUSICAL WEST WARS 


ж 
л 
© 
Ф 
- 
© 
2 
т 
м 
© 
= 
^ 
" 
ә 
Ф 
о 
= 
т 
> 
= 


шоэ-бешреш 


US | CANADA 


AN;INCREDIBLE; 
SPECTACULAR OFFER 


Me Worr D we 


«Hhat--rne worry?” б ACTIFAST! 


(1 read MAD!) << 


қошы This offer valid only 
| while supplies last! 


LIMIT 3 


SUBSCRIPTIONS 
PER CUSTOMER! 


US and Canada orders only. If this is a gift subscription, 
the portrait will be sent to the subscriber unless you specify that you wish to have it sent to you. KEYCODE: AWFMD1Y 


NUMBER 509 


DePaRTmenTS ۳٠ 


IT'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 


LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 

Random Samplings of Reader Mail 

SEE B.S. DEPARTMENT 

“$#*! My Son Says" (А MAD Ad Parody) 

6 RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 

11 FUNNY OR DIATRIBE DEPARTMENT 

“Mad Libyan” (A MAD Ad Parody) 


12 RELATIVES! STUPIDITY DEPARTMENT 
“Muddled Family” (A MAD TV Satire) A 


том = 


A 57 5 23 A HARDENED DICTATOR DEPARTMENT 
18 CHARACTERS FLAWED DEPARTMENT ) 2. What if Qaddafi Took Viagra? 22, 
Kanye West’s Most Могопіс Tweets N^ AJ 25 min s ES КЕ 1 : E 
21 PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT m A Letter From Taco Bell | U سیت‎ 
The MAD Strip Club 99° aoe 


2G THE SICK SENSE DEPARTMENT 
Signs That Your Hypochondria is Out of Control 


IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPARTMENT 


BEATING A DEAD NORSE DEPARTMENT 
MAD's Thor-oughly Stupid Thor Outtakes 


THE PLIÉ'S THE THING DEPARTMENT 

МАР» 11 Little-Known, Practical, Real Life Uses for Ballet 
JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 

Spy Vs. Spy 

THE MORE THINGS CHANGE, THE MORE THEY STAY THE LAME DEPARTMENT 
Don Martin Beats the High Cost of Gasoline 


SPLIT HAPPENS DEPARTMENT (A MAD Blast from the Past) 
Things You Don't Want to Hear У 4 39 96۷٧ 
from a Marriage Counselor Р 53 “Dancing With the Star Wars” (А MAD ТУ Parody...Sort of) 


И 
ж», @- 
SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT avr 43 PORN FAMILY GAME NIGHT DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Hoarders - "Sheen It?" (A MAD Ad Parody) 
50 THEATRES OF THE ABSURD DEPARTMENT 
Similarities and Differences Between the 
Spider-Man Musical and the War in Afghanistan 


51 ZUCKERBERG'S-EVE VIEW DEPARTMENT 
The 50 Worst Things About Facebook 
56 UNDERAGE THINKING DEPARTMENT 
One Fine Day on Main Street 


ір MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 
“Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 
..Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents O copyright 2011 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 
Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, 
P.0. Box 8537 Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. 
The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


COVERS’ QUARREL 


Why do you always have to put Alfred E. Neuman on every cover? 
What does the "E" even stand for? Can't you ever put a celebrity 
falling or something? I'm getting bored of the same old thing. If you 
put this in Letters and Tomatoes, I'd be pretty happy because all of 
my friends have sent to you, but never actually saw them in the next 
issue. Some of them stopped reading MAD because of that. 


Gabe Ruth — We put Alfred on every cover because back in June 1997, we 
got a whiny letter from some punk in Saskatoon complaining that we did too 
many covers of celebrities "falling or something" and that we should put Alfred 
on the cover more. You and your countrymen need to make up your minds 
about what you want from this magazine! You also said your friends stopped 
reading the magazine. That's funny — we don't remember getting any other 
letters from Ontario in the past. Ohhh...wait. Are these imaginary 
friends you're talking about? Well, you'll certainly have the last 
laugh when you show them this issue at your next tea party! —Ed. 


P.S. The "E" stands for Robert. 


ж 


THE MISSING INK 


My friend Hayden has always loved MAD magazine, and he reads it 

all the time. It was his birthday and I didn’t know what to get him, so 

being that we own a tattoo shop together, and he's always been really 

keen on getting lots of tattoos, I wanted to surprise him with one. But 
you don't normally get to see what's inside your birthday presents, so 

I didn’t want him to know what the tattoo was before he got it. 


Anyway, 1 had to draw it in the wee hours of the morning when he 
wasn't at the shop yet, and then pretty much from the moment he got 
in, "ЧЇ the last few minutes of the tattoo, he had to stay blindfolded. 

I wanted to make Alfred's face REALLY nicely rendered, the way that 
the covers are always done, so Hayden ended up sitting there for 3 !/; 
hours! When it was done, he finally got to take off his blindfold and 
see what I'd done. He was ecstatic and has no problem dropping his 
pants for anyone who wants to 
see the "Happy Birthday" present 
he got this year. I think it's one 
of his favorite tattoos now! 


Since then I have done two more 
"Happy Birthday" tattoos where 
the person is blindfolded. People 
trust it because it's definitely a 
very special gift from one person 
to the other and I'd never exploit 
it. Except when I see an opportu- 
nity to tag someone with MAD's 
main man. HAHA! 


Lizzie Gillespie — Hayden is lucky to have a friend like you. The last time we 
wound up blindfolded in a tattoo shop, we left with the entire cast of The View 
tattooed across our backs. Let's just say, Barbara Walters has a LOT of wrinkles 
to ink...and you feel every single one of them. —Ed. 


THE TWEET IS ON 


Our recent issue featuring Justin Bieber generated more than 
a little outrage from his fans on Twitter. Here are a few of the 
exclamation-point-heavy highlights: ~ 


@AlfredENeuman u are 
so sad and useless that u have to hate on 
the top teen celeb right now to make your 
stupid magazine “known” 


Whoever is part of that MAD 
Magazine...You made more then 7 milion &l 
fans mad. Be ready! لا‎ 


MAD magazine needs to know something - 
HELL is being renovated & will have an even darker & more 
cruel basement for Bieber Deniers & haters! 


do you hate the MAD magazine??? i do О.о 


If u saw the mad magazine cover...l hate it 
its talking trash about justin... 


@C)jBeatbox just informed me of MAD magazine 
with @justinbieber on the cover. NOT happy about this one! 


| officially hate #MAD magazine!!! they are 
writing rude crap about @justinbieber almost made me cry 
:( -i will always be there 


| НАТЕ MAD MAGAZINE: uggghh they alwayz 
say bas stuff about (8:01 | SOO wnna kill thm 


| НАТЕ U MAD MAGAZINE!!! | HAAAT- 
TEEEEEE UUUUUUUUUMIIIIIÜl ANYONE..... ANYONNNEEEE 
BUT OUR BIEBER! 


i hate mad magazine!!! 


i just hate MAD magazine... 

І HATE that new MAD magazine about 
@justinbieber. how could anyone be so mean? people are 
screwed up. 


K'so i'm totally pissed at Mad Magazine. 
They made fun of everything about @justinbieber /: 


so they have this ‘mad’ magazine & justins 
on the cover & all they do is talk trash about him its HORRIBLE 


Thanks to everyone who tweeted! Your reactions are EXACTLY 
like Justin's music — full of emotion, but completely pointless. 


TRUMPED-UP CHARGES 


I have one question: on the first frame on page 50 of MAD 
#508, Donald Trump has a clown wig that has a price tag 
of $1.99, but then on the third frame, the price tag says 
$3.50. What's up with that? 


Digital Cameron — Apparently you don't follow the news. If you 
did, you'd know that lately, the price of clown wigs has shot up 
even more than the price of gas (thankfully, those tiny clown cars 
get good mileage). It's been a financial tragedy for the nation's 
clowns, and artist Tom Bunk was attempting to raise awareness 
about this increasingly dire situation. Thank you for bringing atten- 
tion to this pressing issue — and please join us in hoping that the 
prices of red rubber noses and oversized shoes remain stable. —Ed. 


TREBEK AND FORTH 


Thought you'd like to know you were an answer on Jeopardy! on Friday 
February 11th. The question (answer) was, "Former Harvard Lampoon 
staffer Doug Kenney was the first editor of this magazine.” Paul, the 
reigning champ, who had won over $71,000 in four days, replied, “MAD.” 
The answer was wrong, of course; but a shout-out on syndicated TV is 
still a shout-out, right? What is odder still is that my wife, who knows I 
subscribe to MAD, yelled out the answer, "MAD" at the exact same time as 
Paul. So my question to you, MAD: is my wife having an affair with Paul? 


Powell to the People — There are a few ways to tell if your wife is having an 
affair with a Jeopardy! champion. 1) She keeps showing off her $71,000 brooch. 
2) She comes home smelling all "Ken Jennings-ish." 3) She seems to know more 
than a normal amount about Potent Potables. 4) During sex, she accidentally 
calls you "Paul, the reigning champ." 5) She's married to Garry Powell. —Ed. 


ALFRED E. NEUMAN LOOK-A-LIKE 


Normally, readers send us pictures of 
people they think look like Alfred. But 
sometimes, one will just fall into our laps! 
That's what happened when we turned on 
the TV and saw country-crooning Alfred 
doppelganger Scott McCreery on Ameri- 
can idol. We don't know what the future 
holds for the young singer, but we do 
know that with a face like that, the hack 
producers on that show are going to give 
him one HELL of a makeover. 


DOWN AND DERBY 


My name is Holden and I live in Toledo, Ohio. Each year, I 
partake in the Pinewood Derby as part of Cub Scouts. I love 
MAD magazine, especially Spy Vs. Spy, so this year, my dad 
and I decided to build a Spy Vs. Spy-themed car. My car placed 
third, and I'm going to districts. Everyone loved my car. 


Know When to Holden 
We love the car — but third place? That might be good enough 
for a car affiliated with Good Housekeeping — but you're rep- 
resenting MAD! And we expect you to come back from districts 
with a trophy that's bigger than you are. First off, you need to strip 
out those stock wheels and replace them with a set of Kinashawa 
XR-73 Pro-Glide Victory Wheelz (they're $125 each, but that's just 
the price of greatness). Next, you need to ditch your dad and work 
on your car's design with an established engineer (if Pop cries, 

he cries). Lastly — and we can't stress this enough — steroids, 
steroids, steroids. Steel your nerves, tighten your neckerchief, and 
we'll see you in the winners’ circle! —Ed. 


CEAR & Є 
FOR SPIES LIKE YOU! 


OR SPY VS SPY" GEAR AND MORE VIS 


EVERYTHING SPY YOU 


LETTERS апр : 
TOmaToes Å, 


Recently, MAD artist Tom Richmond caught up with actor Rich 
Sommer (who plays Harry Crane on Mad Men) and showed 
him the spoof of the show that he illustrated in MAD #509. 
Obviously, Rich is unhappy. It's not clear if it's because he 
works on Mad Men, or is just a huge fan of Justin Bieber. 
Sadly, either way, Tom didn't provide any pictures of the 
fisticuffs that followed! 


Everyone who wrote in this month ів in for a whole gaggle of great 
giveaways! You'll be getting a copy of All-Star Superman on DVD, 
courtesy of our friends at Warner Home Video; a t-shirt from our 
pals at Out of Print Clothing (outofprintclothing.com) and а Head- 
Lite Hat from our chums at Graham Tool Co., Inc (grahamtool.com). 
If you missed out, don't you worry, Suri — they're all on sale now! 
With giveaways like these, do you really need more of an 


incentive to drop us a line? Don't Бе a stranger, y'all! 


MAD #510 IS ON SALE JUNE 28! 


William Gaines Founder 
John Ficarra Editor 


EDITORIAL 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Editors 
Dave Croatto Associate Editor 


ART DEPARTMENT 

Sam Viviano Art Director 
Ryan Flanders Assistant Art Director 
Doug Thomson Production Artist 


Contributing Artists And Writers 
The Usual Gang of Idiots 


ADMINISTRATION 

Diane Nelson President 

Dan DiDio and Jim Lee Co-Publishers 
Geoff Johns Chief Creative Officer 


John Rood Executive VP-Sales, 
Marketing and Business Development 


Amy Genkins Senior VP-Business and 
Legal Affairs 


Nairi Gardiner Senior VP-Finance 
Jeff Boison VP-Publishing Operations 
John Cunningham VP-Marketing 


Terri Cunningham VP-Talent Relations 
and Services 


Anne DePies VP-Strategy Planning and 
Reporting 
Amit Desai Senior VP-Franchise Management 


STEVE PoTTER 


Alison Gill Senior VP-Manufacturing 
and Operations 


Bob Harras VP-Editor in Chief 
David Hyde VP-Publicity 
Hank Kanalz Senior VP-Digital 


Kogan VP-Business and Legal Affairs, 
Рано 


Jack Mahan VP-Business Affairs, Talent 


Nick Napolitano VP-Manufacturing 
Administration 


Rich Palermo VP-Business Affairs, Media 
Ron Perazza VP-Online 

Sue Pohja ۷۶۰۵۰۰۸ Sales 

Courtney Simmons Senior VP-Publicity 
Bob Wayne Senior VP-Sales 


Steve Potter of Cedar Falls, lowa sent us this envelope, which was inspired 
by the back cover of a Spy Vs. Spy paperback. Once again, plagiarism pays off! 


OF | MICE AND MENTAL 


I would like you to clear up an issue with my family. While discussing your 
magazine, we came to the topic of Spy. Vs. Spy. My mom forgot what it 
was, until I told her it was the white mouse and black mouse trying to 
kill each other. When she understood what I was talking about, she said 
that they weren't mice, but people. While I disagreed, my sister and dad 
were on her side. I even showed them a Spy Vs. Spy comic, but they still 
don't believe that they are mice. Can you please clear up the problem? 


Sierra Rush * Grand Blanc, MI 


Wait and Sierra — It's hard for us to understand why your family keeps insisting 
that the Spies aren't mice. As all true fans know, the Black and White Spies are 
based on a rare species of mouse found in the jungles 
of Cuba (where "Spy Vs. Spy" creator Antonio 
Prohias was born). Havana Battlemice (pictured) 
wear tiny fedoras, craft ingenious traps, and even |" . 
hold their claws in a "V" formation upon their 
rival's death. We hope this clears up the problem! 
Now you can deal with a bigger problem: a family 
that refuses to believe a single word you say. —Ed. 


FOR SUBSCRIPTION QUESTIONS: 

Go to the MAD website! All you need is your name and 
zip code to renew, change your address, give a gift sub- 
scription, check your account balance and expiration dates 
or to request a missing issue. Just go 10 www.madmag.com 
ог call 1-800-4MADMAG (U.S. and Canada only) or write 
to Р.О. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537! Please 
DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail our New York office — 
we're too dumb to help you here! 

HOW TO REACH US: 

MAD, Dept. 509, 1700 Broadway New York, NY, 10019. 
Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com 

MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
be returned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope! 
MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 

Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 

VISIT OUR WEB SITE! MADMAG.COM 


>HARLIE SHEEN 


reality 


%, 2 5 
т-- 27 s 
ЕНЕІГ 


Пайу оп: ОЇ av abo) РОХ 


А MAD AD PARODY 


O WATCH FOR IN THE гот BASEBALL SEA Leg of Lambert 


uaque) qoer гуму pue موم‎ 


Betty White's star will continue to rise as 


Umpiring will continue to be controversial, 
she is romantically linked to Alex Rodriguez. 


as a second-base umpire misses a steal 
because he was on his cell phone. 


In an effort to gain on the NFL's 
popularity, more than one manager will 
post a foot fetish video online. 


"ба а Rart. A PAF micutive geen Good.” 


THE STUPID SIX 
REASONS KEITH OLBERMANN 
IS NO LONGER ON COUNTDOWN 


1 He needed time off to undergo intensive physical rehab, 
after tearing every muscle in his neck making those 
overdramatic camera-to-camera swivels. 


2 He finally used up every possible synonym for “bad,” including 
“reprehensible,” “noxious,” “feculent,” “accursed,” “stygian,” “turpi- 
tudinous,” "naufragating" and “grody to the max.” 


З It's a tough economy, and MSNBC plans to 
eventually outsource his job to Guatemala. 


There will be yet another Tasering incident in 
Philadelphia (which should have been expected on the 
night they hand out free Tasers to the first 30,000 fans.) 


Latest 
Classified Ads 


Hurting for cash, MLB will add four more 
expansion teams: in Dubai, Beijing, Vatican City 
and, for some reason, another one in Cleveland. 


Angry Birds 


š 
? 
3 
м H 
POWER-WASH 7 z 
..Those Filthy Window Screens |у z 
‘Without Even Taking Them Off! اس‎ 8 
Truck with fire hose and water m Н 
cannon powerful enough to reach |, е 
tenth floor windows gets ‘em clean! |==% E 
Residential only. - = і 
Discount Power-Wash ٢ 5 
555-7888 LH 
Mention Code #23 B 
mt 4 Just as in Tunisia and Egypt, Olbermann was another entrenched 
INTERIOR ES tyrant to be swept from power by a sudden uprising. 
WATER DAMAGE? шш 5 It frees up five hours of MSNBC airtime to show even MORE 
Water Damage? мез 


prison shows about flesh-eating convicts. 
Broken glass all over the place, 
warped floorboards, mold everywhere? 
We've seen it all. Residential only. 
Discount Construction 
555-7888 


\ Мепіїоп Соде #24 ) 
6 


6 Olbermann finally came to understand that his cartoonishly 
one-sided rhetoric was nothing more than the mirror image of 
the lowest slanders coming from the other side of the political 
divide, and that by automatically reducing every opponent to a 
thuggish monster, he had long since become grotesque, fatally 
corroding his own moral center. (Ha! Just kidding!) 


ЕСІҢ 


Writer and Artist: Sergio Aragonés 


„THe ۹ 


SUPERHERO ORIGINS 
GONE WRONG! 


Superman 


Writer and Artist: 
Kenny Keil 


BUT THE TRIP TAKES A LITTLE‏ ..۔ 
LONGER THAN EXPECTED.‏ 
> 


А LONE SURVIVOR FROM A DYING 
PLANET IS SENT TO EARTH TO 
BECOME ITS SAVIOR... 


A BILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY IS 
CONTEMPLATING A CAREER IN 
VIGILANTISM WHEN A BAT FLIES 

THROUGH HIS WINDOW... 


«INSPIRING HIM TO BECOME 
BROKEN-WINDOW MAN. 
۱ АЕ 
¥ 
یسرم ےس ری‎ 
«UNFAMILIAR WITH THE ALIEN’S 


CUSTOMS, HE MISTAKENLY 
ACCEPTS THE PROPOSAL. 


A COCKY TEST PILOT IS 
GIVEN A STRANGE RING FROM 
A SHIPWRECKED ALIEN... 


...HE DOESN'T GET ANY SUPER- 
POWERS, BUT HE ENDS UP DOING 
QUITE WELL FOR HIMSELF IN AN 
OUT-OF-COURT SETTLEMENT. 


A SCIENTIST IS STRUCK BY 
LIGHTNING AND DOUSED 
WITH 


TOXIC CHEMICALS... 


THe ۱ PAGES 


This Bland is Your Bland 


puejg шо зму pue зим 


Celebrity Cause-of-Death 
Betting Odds 


BILL O'REILLY 


e Inexplicably “spinned” to death......... 3:1 


A new licensing agreement in which players must now 
dump Burger King milkshakes on the winning coach. 


Establishment of a league-wide swear jar. 


The option to go to an NBA-style 82-game season by 2017. • Drowns in own spittle during tirade 


Easter eggs that unlock graphic sex scenes against the New York Тїтез..................... 5:1 


(Madden videogame only). E 1 A 
Repeatedly kicked in nuts by Keith Olbermann 
A hard salary cap for stadium vendors, ushers, during chance encounter in men’s room...9:1 


and ticket-takers. 
e Malignant ротро5їїу....................... 12:1 


Super Bowl winners who don’t plan to go to Disneyland 
may now tell everyone which strip club they're going to. 


Writer: Jeff Kruse Artist: Chris Houghton 


Repeatedly kicked in nuts by Joy Behar during 
chance encounter in men's room........... 15:1 


Artist 


MONKEYS ARE Sam Viviano 
ALWAYS FUNNY 


* Accidentally suffocated while kissing the 


multi-chinned Fox News President- 
douchebag Roger Ailes... E 


* Chokes on chicken bone at dinner 
honoring him as Daily Kos 


8 Writer and Artist: Sergio Aragonés 


cellulite-ridden ass of the morbidly obese, 


Gimme a Flake 
$ TED WILLIAMS VS. 


t€ TED WILLIAMS 42 


Golden-Voiced Hall of Fame 
Homeless Guy Baseball Player 


a 
= 
ЕЛ 
с 
52 


2 


Won the Triple 
Crown twice 


Father of tennis phenoms 
Venus and Serena 


Spent the last several 
years in freezing 


temperatures 
و سر‎ Ei 
Is Oprah's long-lost half- ы 
sibling (that we know of) Ё> 
53 


Dr. Phil predicted his 
eventual undoing 


К: \ told You | could 6t my 
whole fist in his mouth.” 


SPOTLIGHT ON 
AMERICAN UNIVERSITIES 


College of Generic State University 
Lintball, KY 


Had an expressway in 
San Diego named for him 


(We're 99% sure it's not 
the homeless guy) 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 


Reasons for That 
“Mature” ESRB Rating 


TUITION 
$499.95 per semester 
(no pennies, please) 


MOST POPULAR MAJORS 
Revisionist Chemistry; 
Theoretical Theory; English as 
a 32nd Language 


ALMA MATER SONG 

“The Wheat Shall Be Avenged,” 
which was written when they 
were still a military academy/ 
agriculture school 100 years ago, 
and no one bothered changing it. 


LOCAL SPORTS HERO 
Shortstop Jose del Garza over- 
came an impoverished Dominican 


GE RIC 
childhood, where he had to use 


a milk carton as a glove, and won 
a full baseball scholarship. He still 


uses the milk carton, which may be why 

he led the conference in errors last season. 

MISC. FACTS 

* Their team name was changed in 1998 so as not to offend 
Native Americans, which was odd, since no Native American 
groups seemed to be offended by the name “Lions.” 


* Use of Near Beer 
* Hexagonal Situations 


* Depictions of Sugges- 
tions of References 


* Humorous Groin-Punching 


May Contain Traces of Virtual 
Peanuts 


• Depictions of Brouhahas and/or 
Hubbubs 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artist: Charles Akins 


Scenes of Dinosaurs and Humans 
Living at the Same Time 


* Mild Decapitation 


ESRB CONTENT RATING 


* The first college to offer sub-prime loans to students living in dorms. 


Prospective students do not need to show SAT scores, but they 


must show а completed Sudoku puzzle from USA Today.‏ سم 


тне FUNDALINI PAGES 


Signs You Haven’t 
Actually Discovered a 
Lost Amazon Tribe 


They contend that they invented the cupcake 


Their sacred ceremonial fertility dance bears 
an uncanny resemblance to the Electric Slide 


03۸۲۴ uuor asiy pue М, 


{ The village totem pole has less to do 
Н with ancient lore than it does with 
getting crystal-clear reception 


31 » ity A 
S E 
2 5 T 
Mane 


Their sacred tribal artifacts collection 
consists mainly of shrunken Chia Heads 


يب 


Pull My Cheney 


шо‏ حسم 
asuy pue ۷۸‏ 


“Our FIRST SINC 15 ABOUT THREE MUSICIANS WHO Tuus ІТ 
WULO BE REALLY CHL Te PUMP 0000 VOLTS “TROUGH TABI стае S." 


WHAT'S MAKING JOHN BOEHNER 
CRY THIS WEEK? 


He just realized he has to actually 
govern, and can't rely on whining and 
finger-pointing all the time. 


* The phrase “Republican nominee 
Michele Bachmann” keeps 
running through his head. 


» The thought of jobless 
Americans who are 
suffering...no, wait, that’s 
wrong. We're thinking of 
Senator Bernie Sanders. 


* Oil and tobacco lobbyists 
haven't adjusted their 
contributions to keep up 
with cost-of-living increases. 


* He's hurt by people who 
criticize his constant crying. 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 
Artist: Rick Tulka 


Writer and Artist: Sergio Aragonés 


Now SP Rants 


Bran 


MY RESPONSE ТО THE TERRORIST- 
INSPIRED DEMONSTRATIONS 


Tomorrow, even from tonight, these people who leave 
RURAL NOUN 
Muammar Qaddafi, iti was the president 1 would have 


МАЙ"‏ نہ چ و نے 


thrown my resi ation at your face | pui 1 don't have 
VERE (PAST "we ° = 5 70677777 


Iwin figh* until the last drop ої my blood with the 
— VENE — ОО 

Libyan People behind me. You are а Solid rock tha 
г 


RAYIONALTTy БАНТИ — . - 


RURAL ROUT NOUN 


For what Pürpose ; ро, nothing, but to burn Libya 
Bam 7 


7 


Libyan peace died. Your. €hildren аса But their 
що T RURAL NOUN — 


RATIONALITY — AL NOUN 


Shildren are in AMerica, anc ы Euro That is this 
| hildres are in Amerî a, and in Ew Ре What is this 


Scare of these gangs ر‎ Gangs ке ats | means 
N URAL NOUN 


RURAL NOUN 


n а million from the Lib aN people, it 
yan peop 

Bin do nothing. They were Biven these tablets Like in 

URAL NOON 


» Imitating, they were Just imitating the People in 


and Ерура 


"A great inspiration!” 


“A valuable resource! 


ades! 


sional Tir 
Create Delu "Д bit tame, but, makes for а good 


3 to 5 
А Super-Silly а distraction between banging porn ckanks: 


A MAD AD 


5 RELATIVES" STUPIDITY DEPT. 


Okay...there’s an old guy, a Latin bombshell wife 

half his age, two gay dudes with an adopted Asian 

baby, a frazzled mom, a goofy husband and а 

bunch of kids. Put them all on a desert island and 

got a very bad sequel to Lost. But put them 

4 e them all related and you've got... 
у= MAD : 


———— 
= I'm Jake! You may recognize те. In 1997 My name eees Glorious! | am from I'm Phizz! Punch the word I'm Clairoil! I'm the most normal, We're Twitchell and This is Lolly, our adopted 
EXEC | was inducted into "The Television Sitcom Colombia. The country, not the Ivy "doofus" into Google and my least colorful character in this family: Cramp and we're both I’m Cramp. Why am | even on | | Vietnamese two-year-old. 

Character Hall of Fame"— The Cranky Wing! League university! How you say picture pops up. | come from a a busy, frazzled suburban mom with gay! The similarities end this series?! | should be on Why did we adopt an Asian 
I'm back and this time I’ve added another level in America, “Duh.” In Colombia long line of goofy sitcom TV dads three children. | have no gimmicks right there. We have less Glee, for heaven's sake! child and not a white 
to my acting range: grumpy! Yes, | switch | соте from a small village which / trying to be cool. My thang: and no quirks. | don’t have Tina in common than the old Twitchell and І have two American baby? Simple: 
back and forth from cranky to grumpy! You're happens to be the murder capital [| to connect to my kids and try to act Fey's wit, Betty White's charisma, or guy and the Latin chick! distinct personalities. Here's the Asian kid is good for at 
gonna want to DVR that. Last time | had a d of the country. Now | live in Los young! | keep up on social media, Julia Louis-Dreyfus’ edge. The best As a gay couple on а the difference: / have one! least nine more episodes* 


sitcom series | had a ditzy wife and a sexpot Angeles. So | feel right at home 
daughter. In this series they've combined here. І have this theeek accent. 
them both. I’ve got а hot, fiery Latina sexpot You can't understand half 
wife half my age. We've got about as much the words | say. But look at me. 
in common as Morley Safer and Shakira! Does it matter? І could be reading 
It's what they call a May-December romance. the Congressional Record and 
If I'm lucky, | may live ‘til December! guys 18-45 will be tuning in! 


577774 


| learn the latest slang and I’m even 
trying to get acne! | like to bust the 
latest dance moves, like The Twist 
and The Funky Chicken. People look 
at me and think, "He's hip and 
"A happening." Others look at me and 
Î think, "Hip surgery is happening!" 


I сап say is that | have Rachael Ray's 
cookbook! On this show we're the 
traditional yuppie family, which 
means we're the dullest of the three 
groups. Without the other two 
lunatic families, this show would 
be as funny as Ісе Road Truckers! 


prime-time network 
Sitcom, we've broken 


He's uptight and rigid and 
I'm a flamboyant free spirit! 
alot of ground — we've @ = I'm Nathan Lane and Bruce 
shown that gay characters $ Vilanch rolled into one. Yeah. Mi 
can be just as clichéd Bi I get it. | need to lose weight! 
and poorly-written as M I've known it ever since | had 
heterosexual ones! to let out the shower curtain! 


worth of plots, 28 more 
sub-plots and at least 
412 more one-liners! 
You do the math. 
I'm talking to Lolly. She's 
only two but she's Asian. 
She can do the math! 


Let's check our I'm jogging at 7. Break- I сап give you This is the The 


schedules: I’m fast for kids at 8. Yoga : hanky at 11:15. interview It's shot іп faux- lawyers 
showing a house at 9. Prep lunch at 11. Panky next Thurs- @ portion of our || documentary style. for 
at 11. Have а Lute's piano lesson at 2. Le day at midnight. show. We stop It's also called The 
staff meeting at Alox's dentist at 3, pot ' the script and “mockumentary.” It is 
2. Screwing up luck dinner at 7, PTA і і j the characters | | a unique film technique 8 called it 
meeting at 9. Floss at 11! | talk directly called "breaking “steal- | | 
- то сатега. the fourth wall.” ing.” 


our smoke alarm 
system at 6! = 


| Okay, this is going to And while we're building the bookcase, let's 
sound a little gay... wear nothing but tool belts, slather ourselves bsolutely not! Don't you 
| let'sgoto Home in Karo syrup, and sing the score from Side know that every time you 
Depot, buy some By Side With Sondheim! I'll do the voice of suggest something like that, 
lumber and build a Meryl Streep and you’l/ be Neil Patrick Harris! | | you're playing into people's 
bookcase for Lolly! В at all! ———— جج‎ - worst stereotypes of gays? 


: — 0۸ When іп doubt, wear tight 
Glorious, what 5 with dresses and talk in Spanish 
the booty-shaking in - gibberish! That’s not my 
the middle of dinner? ^ maxim — it's the writers'! 


Phizz, 
have 


| She's locked іп 
her bedroom 


you with her new 
seen boyfriend. 
Hadley 5 
around? 


No fencing 
today. 

I think I'll 

| just finish 

my coffee! 


You're 
going to 
be late 
for your 
fencing 
lesson! 


Why do І sometimes 
feel like I'm trapped 
in a Javier Bardem 
flick? 


book together. 


Whoa. My 
bad. You're 
right. They're 
reading an 
Amazon 
Kindle! 


It's cool. 
They're 
probably 
reading a 


What planet are you living 
on? This is 2011! Do you 
really think two teenagers 
with raging hormones 
are reading a book? 


I'm skipping it. "т 
I'm going to relax worried 
with a cognac, check about 
my prostate and work Mango. 
on my prototype copy He's 12 but 
of AARP for Kids! he acts like 
a senior 
citizen! 


That is 
loco. 
Look, he 
texts like 
all the 
other 
kids! 


Cramp, have you noticed that on this sitcom 
we reference a lot of famous people? 
And the references don't quite make sense! 


And changing 
baby diapers is so 
Charlize Theron! 


| love my husband 
but let's face it: 
my father isn't the 
only one that married 
a complete ditz! 


I'm not so sure: 
"BYOB — Bring your 
own bran"... 
"FWB — Friend with 
beta blockers"... 
"CUATSC — See you at 
the senior center"... 


Of course you 
wouldn't notice. 
That is so Jake 
Gyllenhaal of you! 


No, 1 
haven't 
noticed. 


You cut Don't You're Big deal! I'm Look at I'm cancelling How can you 

school make me confined Ihave а taking me, I'm your iPhone 4 do that to your 
again! Very laugh. to your 50-inch TV, away shaking! on Verizon! daughter? 
uncool! Now | | You never room, а TiVo, anda your 1 һауе And switching You're a 
you're being | | discipline young Blu-ray player cell three cell to iPhone 3 with monster! 


disciplined! me! in my room! phone! phones! AT&T as the carrier! I hate you! 
у — 


I'm Hadley! I'm 15 and rebellious. Here's I'm Lute. I'm probably the dumbest member I'm Alox, the middle child. 
the deal: my mom is, like, freaking me of this family! | do lots of stupid, idiotic I'm the sanest person on 
out, my dad is a jerk, | can’t stand stuff. | get my head caught in chimneys, the show — which also 
my sister and | don't talk to my brother. | | get struck by lightning and | get lost a lot. means I'm the scarcest. 
But the person | really hate is my In fact, they just put a GPS in my pants! |. The writing staff doesn't 
step-grandmother, Glorious. Everyone Ё І really want us to get a dog. That way have a clue what to 
thinks she's so hot and so dumb. | won't be the dumbest member of the do with me. See you 
They used to think that about me! family. Maybe. Depending on the breed. sometime next season! 


Soundtrack music: Yes. We hear it every 


some |] Yes. Should we || do we play Streisand And what E 4 || week. That's the sound 
big | do our entrance or Diana Ross — about the new of TV sets clicking off 
decisions $ in oak plank or The Early Years? bedding? | say we in all the red states 
Brazilian teak? go with shams! TAIE - across America! 


و لل 
۵۵2۵0 


Can | help you, 


miss? Exactly 

what are you 
and your father 

looking for? 


for a new 
salesman, 
meathead! 


We're looking 


1 Не eees not my father. у 

|| Не eees my husband! 
We're very compatible. 

[| And we love each other! 


Wait! Before 
you go to 
the hospital 
we all have 
something 
to tell you! 


This is the heart of the 
show! It's the scene 
where the three 
families intermingle! 


This better be 
good! I've got 
a hot-tempered 
Latina here 
with the air being 
sucked out of her! 


Dad, now that we're together, 
| want to get closure. You 
never told me how you really 


_| feel about me being gay! 


Oh, in that 
case, sir, may 
1 direct you 


We get theees 


third episode! 


for my father! 


Can't talk now, son. Driving Glorious 


Lal 


to the hospital emergency room! 


Oh, my God! What happened? 


an affair 
with my 


huge Bill 
O'Reilly 


I'ma 


I've been catching 
squirrels in the 
backyard and 
dressing them in 
Barbie outfits. 
Slutty ones! 


a lot. Like every 


He gets mistaken 


I'm preggers! Baby 
is due in six months! 


Congratulate 
us, folks. I'm 
the father! 


And it really breaks my 
chops! Right now I'd veer 
from cranky to grumpy to 
something else — if only 
| ۱۸۵۸8۹ something else! 


She's lost all circulation. 
Her dress is too tight! 
It's her third emergency 
room visit this month! 


Now 
we're 
really 
a 
Modern 
Family! 


1%. 


they make Louis Vuitton toothpaste? 
And Gucci floss? | gotta make some 
phone calls 

10:48 AM 


& Just brushed my teeth. Why don't 


For my next album, | need a title as 
Б dope as My Beautiful Dark Twisted 

Fantasy. How about My Wonderful 
Crazy Backyard Koi Pond? 


11:27 AM 


P My Sinfully Delicious Brown Betty Recipe? 
11:28 AM 


My Delightfully Eclectic Pound Puppy Collection? 
11:29 AM 


My Big Fat Greek Wedding? 


11:30 AM 


#Nowplaying Empire State of Mind by Jay-Z 
GREATEST SONG EVER 


11:43 AM 


Big photo shoot tomorrow — 


gotta practice my dull stare 
12:17 PM 


Still starin 


12:18 PM 
Still starin 
12:23 PM 


А | wish | dated a mermaid cause after 
ГЕ») you hook ир you could eat her legs 


12:59 PM 


Just put on а fly-ass outfit: Viking horns, 


hockey jersey, yoga pants, alligator boots 
1:36 PM 


#Nowplaying Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest 
GREATEST SONG EVER 


1:50 PM 


Twitter is tailor-made for self-obsessed, over-sharing, short attention span morons. And when it comes to self-obsessed, over-sharing, short attention span morons, 


Kanye West is the KING! So Kanye and Twitter is pretty much a match made in Heaven. Unfortunately, it's Hell for anyone who actually has to read.... 


Ever notice how hard it is to buy a 


decent albino rhino online? WTF?? 
2:22 PM 


my face made out of diamonds on it? Who 
DOESN'T have a watch like that? Hobos maybe 


2:45 PM 


ARUGULA SALAD WITH FENNEL VINAICRETTE, 
BITCHES 
2:59 PM 


"Kanyelicious" not in 11٤٤٥٦377711 
3:24 PM 

#Nowplaying Blackbird by The Beatles 
GREATEST SONG EVER 


3:37 PM 


The media's a bunch of bitches. 
bei Always wanting to build up the king 

so they can tear down the king. I 

don't need them lying-ass phonies 


1:09 PM 


Gotta remember to bring that up when I’m on 
MTV News, NPR and Regis & Kelly this week! 


4:10 PM 


#Nowplaying Crocodile Rock by Elton John 
GREATEST SONG EVER 
4:22 PM 


People always sayin Kanye ain't 
® street but AAAAAH! Lintball on my 

sweatervest!! 

5:10 PM 


Mila Kunis didn’t get an Oscar nom?!? That 
s**t is CRAZY!!! George Bush doesn’t care 
about Black 1 

5:47 PM 


Nobody wants to play Boggle with Kanye 
6:03 PM 


'E WEST’S MOST MORONIC TWEETS. 


conflicted” to “comically unfocused” 
6:15 PM 


m FYI critics: І prefer "fascinatingly 


How come grasshoppers hate me? 
7:17 PM 

#Nowplaying All Night Long by Lionel Richie 
GREATEST SONG EVER 

7:35.РМ 


| still һауе mad regrets about what 
ы happened with Taylor Swift. For one 


thing, | shoulda grabbed a boobie 
8:52 PM 


FOOTY PAJAMAS Y’ALL 


10:57 PM 


#Nowplaying Moon River by Clay Aiken 
GREATEST SONG EVER 


11:02 PM 


Hope | have my recurring dream 
where I'm the president of the 
USA who's also a sexy half unicorn 
that plays for the Lakers 
12:18 AM 
| got a new challenge for 50 Cent: see which 
one of us can tie the dopest Windsor knot 
12:28 AM 


#Nowplaying theme song from My Two Dads 
GREATEST SONG EVER 
12:44 AM 


Why don't hippos have wings? 
COME ON, HIPPOS 


1:31 AM 


Are you there, God? It’s me, Kanye. Seriously, 
I've been texting you for like THREE DAYS WTF??? 


2:06 AM 


WRITER: JACOB LAMBERT ARTIST: SAM SISCO 


In the 19805, MAD Founder 
A N D OW N A р | F 0 Р ©) F and Publisher William M. 
Gaines established “The Soul 
of MAD” — a collection of 12 
MAD covers chosen for their 
uniqueness, artistic achieve- 


ment or classic timelessness. 


Now, here is your chance to own a 
special reproduction of one of these 
covers. Subscribe to MAD for two years 
and receive a limited edition print of 
artist Norman Mingo's classic “Alfred 
Painting the Road" (MAD #96) with 
your paid subscription. 


Each limited edition print 
is 11" X 14" and bears a 
"Soul of MAD" marking. 
Each is hand-numbered 
and suitable for framing 
(or lining bird cages). 


TO INSURE GETTING THIS 


BECAUSE THIS IS A LIMITED OFFER, 
WE CANNOT BILL YOU! 


2 EASY WAYS 
TO SUBSCRIBE! 


1. SUBSCRIBE ONLINE AT 
MADMAG.COM 


2. CALL 1-800-4 MADMAG 
(1-800-462-3624) 
NOTE: IF THIS IS A GIFT SUBSCRIPTION, 


THE PRINT WILL BE SENT TO THE SUBSCRIBER UNLESS 
YOU SPECIFY THAT YOU WISH TO HAVE IT SENT TO YOU. 


PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


"the truth 
flirts” 


І find you attractive 
enough to sleep with once and 
then never call again. 


And by sleeping with you 
T could act out my aggression 
for my ex-boyfriend and then 
tell him about it. 


of all the game- 
playing. 


That would temporarily 
abate my loneliness but damage my 
already sagging self-esteem. 


IwishI 
could be HONEST 
just once!! 


You'd get over it in a 
couple of days, and it couldn't 
possibly hurt your abysmal 
attitude towards men. 


I got a good 
feeling about 
those +۷۸۸۱! 


JUST BELOW THE SURFACE 
| 1 


COOMBS! Give те Y The station was 
a HAND with this selling it for eight cents 
ASO! 


I'll say! 
It was MURDER 


2 : getting all this 
to pass up a BARGAIN. on the subway. Bra 


less than the nearest 
fifty gallons of 


OMBS & COOMBS 


co 


ино KNOWS. ٦‏ د 
WE ALL HAVE‏ 
HIS CRAW?‏ 


7 . өз 


7 THE GUY WHO 
STOLE MY WIFE 
LIVES THERE, 


YOU SHOULD 
SMASH THE 
WRECKING BALL 
INTO HIS HOUSE. 


YOUR, PAL HENRY THERE WAS 


SLEEPING WITH MY WIFE. 4 
= 1 THINK YOU'RE. 
SUPPOSED TO SAY 


eo “OOPS” NOW. 


HUGE INSINCERE Toop 


Іт: 7 


۷ 


Thank you 
for screwing us. 


„By telling the truth about our seasoned beef. 


The claims made against Taco Bull are pure baloney, (which ironically contains more meat than 


our seasoned beef.) E 
1۶۸۴۴ 


| QUALITY нот GUARANTEED 


Here’s our version of the truth about our seasoned beef. 
Our beef is 100% USDA inspected — the same percentage of USDA 
inspectors that we bribe. Our beef is just like the beef you buy in 
today’s supermarket. You know the kind: the “sell by” date’s been changed a dozen times, 
the green slime’s been trimmed off and anything moving has been removed from the packages. 


Plain ground beef tastes boring. 
The only reason we add anything to our beef is to give the meat flavor...and to mask some 
unexplained odors. And to make one pound of meat last as long as twenty pounds would. 


So here are the REAL percentages. (+ or - 100%) 

32% Beef, 22% ground-up photos of beef, 9% stuff that you might have a beef with us calling beef,* 
6% human beef (hey, accidents happen at the slaughter house) and 12% Secret Recipe which, 

if we revealed, you sure as hell wouldn't be talking about the beef any more — believe us! 


In case you're curious, here's how we prepare it. 

We start with 100% USDA inspected beef. Then our top-rated chefs slow cook it, adding spices 
and seasonings, stirring constantly until it's perfectly delicious! Then we serve that in our 
executive dining room. Meanwhile, down in the basement, $5-an-hour workers wearing hats.that 
say "Chef" are working on the brownish specimen we send your way via our Taco Bull stores! 


We stand behind our beef — just not downwind of it. We are proud to serve it 
in all our restaurants. Eating it is another story. The claims about the percentage 
of meat in our Taco Bull filling and our seasoned beef are 100% false. 
Well, 20% false + 80% filler. 


Раф 


Greg Greed 
President and Chief Span Doctor, Taco Bull Corp. 


TAC о “Including, but not limited to: Artificial Natural Flavors, Glazed Banana Skins, 
Talcum Powder, Pasteurized Denture Cream, Sodium Unpronounceables, 


КЕЙ L Fiberglass Resin, Marbleized Sawdust, Modified Potato Eyes, Dehydrated 
Е. Water, Caramelized Chihuahua, and Partially Hydrogenated Oil Rags. 


(257 THE SICK SENSE DEPT. 


Did you ever consider a hangnail to be the beginning 
of leprosy? Have you mistaken a little gas for the 
onset of botulism? Probably not. But for some people, 
death and disease loom behind every runny nose or 
belly ache. It’s easier than you'd think to worry yourself 
into a frenzy of medical mal-thinking — so be 
sure to pay attention to these... 


Nusse МеМаєіл, mf ugine Smells funny 
this morning canon Саме cheek ۶7ا‎ 


You've hired a round-the-clock 
private nurse — just in case. 


0۸ Sweet Jesus of 
the (5055,4 net 
[et me die ths way’ 


- 


i You assume eve dog th: 
sniffs you is detecting = aac 


Yeah, I felt it coming on Last night: Im E 
getty suge its neusoScRam ۸۴ط‎ +60۸ bosis. 


ение TiL be back in омовком... kay thanks. 


Without fail, you call in sick the day after 
you watch а new episode of House. 


й happy bichday А ШИ. Yes, and it was exactly 
seven Yeas адр today Т had Two and a half of 
the Seven WARNING Signs of melanoma ! 


» You remember special 
occasions Бу the illness you 
`. thought you had at the time. 


That started with just a Little 
tickle In Your thRoat, Right ? 


۷۷۸۲ milli 7 
Liquiqeleag... 
Let me check... 


Ley үсе you 

en 

There's no doubt in your mind oi something. 

that you're always one sniffle away 
from catastrophic illness. 


^| Hi Bekr, Tim just КУ о, |» 
Hey, You guys live. on An 
"| ambulance Route, opt? |* 
And Yonge up on Youg f 
"| vaccinations? Whats 
Yous hand- sanitize = 
з ۷۸۸۷ء‎ Like? 


L^ 
|, 
| 
| 


1 
Oh man! Месе down again! Tts feom . 
that same address, this time they were locking 
up mortality gates for Cheonic Der Eve !/ 


( 0 " 
More than once, you've crashed WebMD's search engine. 


^ and if this 
< is аду again, 
press Seven. 


Tim sorey, but же dont offer 
an( time-Shage аккардетелів. 


Your doctor's office 
has a voice prompt 


specifically for you. You aren't سس‎ your retirement, 


so much as your expire-ment. 


are єс» CA без” http://www.galaxyo’blogs.com/planettad “ШЫ 


»NAME: TAD »FAVORITE WILSON: OWEN/LUKE/WOODROW (TIE) > АСЕ: ONE DOZEN-ISH 


May 8, 2011 
@ Our family just went out to dinner. | don’t think there's a more disgusting name for a food than " 


May 9, 2011 
ES So, today in geometry class, Mr. Schwartz was out sick, and we had a,substitute teacher, Mrs. Graham. When she started 
taking attendance, Chuck and | did what we always do when we get a sub, and traded names. We do this for two reasons: 


1. It always cracks us up when substitute teachers call us by the wrong names, and: 


2. We figure it’s good practice trying to remember not to answer when your own name is called, and to answer to someone else’s 
name instead, in case we ever become undercover agents like or the guy from 


(1 can never remember the guy from Burn Notice’s name. | just think of him as being named Burn Notice. As in, “This week, Burn 
Notice went undercover as an arms dealer.”) 


As it turned out, Mrs. Graham wound up calling me "Chuck" а lot today, because she didn’t know how to work the overhead projector, 
so | wound up helping her with it. In fact, І felt kind of bad by the end of class, because as | was leaving, she said, "You know, it's 
hard being a substitute teacher, but everyone at this school seems really nice. Thanks for all your help, Chuck." 


May 10, 2011 

Bad news. My friend Chuck was out sick today. Which wouldn't be a problem, 

except that Mr. Schwartz is also out sick, which means that Mrs. Graham was 
subbing again today. And when she was taking attendance, she said, "І remember you, 
Chuck," and marked Chuck as being present. And that's when I realized: If | don't say 
anything when she calls my name, then she'll mark me as being absent, and I'll get a 
detention for skipping class. But if | tell her that we switched names, then both Chuck 
and | will get detentions for messing with a sub. So in order to keep Chuck out of 
detention, | kept pretending to be him today. But he owes me one. | called him to tell 
him that, but his mom said that he couldn't come to the phone, because he was puking. 


May 10, 2011 

| feel like, if the only kind 
23 of pencil anyone ever uses 
is the , then that pencil 
should be called the No. 1 pencil. 


May 11, 2011 

д Arrrrrgh. Chuck was out sick again today, and Mr. Schwartz still isn’t back, so Mrs. Graham marked me absent from math 
а second time, even though І was sitting right there. I’ve now got two days of detention. Plus, it's getting really hard to 

remember to answer whenever she calls Chuck’s name. 


I'm thinking that, as funny as it was to hear her call Chuck "Tad" and me "Chuck" а few times on Monday, and as nice as it was 
to get some spy-practice in, it really wasn’t worth it. 


May 11, 2011 May 11, 2011 
I’ve been playing a lot of lately, and The TV show would be so much cooler if it were about 


here’s the thing | don’t understand: What’s with the a skeleton who solved crimes. 
slingshot? Can’t birds fly? 


May 12, 2011 
AA Well, the bad news is, Chuck and Mr. Schwartz are both still sick, so | had to be Chuck in math class again today. And the even 
worse news is, | fell asleep during class, and then Doug Spivak decided it'd be funny to poke me awake with his protractor. 


And when | woke up, | kind of screamed out a word that you're never supposed to say in school. And even though I tried to cover for 
it by saying "-tzu dogs are really cute" afterward, Mrs. Graham gave me a detention. 


But here's the great news: When | looked down at the detention slip, it wasn't my name that was on it. It was Chuck's. 


Remember how | said Chuck owes me one? | think he just paid me back. 


May 13, 2011 

2 Today was а very, very bad day. Chuck finally made it back to school today — he was still a little feverish, but he said his 
mom told him he was well enough to go. 

In math class, Mrs. Graham was still subbing in geometry, and when she got to Chuck’s name, he said, "Here!" And she said, "Very 

funny, but you're not Chuck.” And before | could stop him, he said, "Yes, | am!" And one thing led to another, and pretty quickly, 

Mrs. Graham figured out the whole name-swapping thing. So we both got double detentions for the next month. 


This sort of thing never happens to Burn Notice. 


WRITER: ТІМ CARVELL ARTIST: BRIAN DURNIAK 


OPNS‏ ےہ TV PER‏ وځ ТҮ ЖТТ ТГ TWEEN ааа‏ سے e TT ITE TOT IIT OE SE LE чурт‏ تسس 


THOR 


OUTTAKES 


я BEATING А DEAD NORSE DEPT. 


THOR-OUGHLY STUPID 


You dare 
question why a 
mythical being from an 
alternate galaxy is 
wearing a J. Crew 
v-neck? 


When | get 
home tonight, I'm 
gonna kick back, relax, 
and open a cold one 
with my head! 


Sure, 
you might have 
an indestructible galactic 
war-hammer — but I have 
a pen that writes in 
four colors! 


This fork is eve 
better than the spoon 
| just ate! 


ғ. m Ж. Ж, 


600 bucks 
on StubHub and 
| can't even see 


If I call it 
a "Bat-arang; 
maybe it'll make 
this movie 
watchable. 


You go in 
for a routine check-up, 
and BAM! — strapped down 
like Hannibal Lecter! 
Thanks, ObamaCare! 


And together, 
we WILL remodel 
the second 
bathroom!!! 
“ 7 او‎ 
т, ы 297 | 


а یا سان‎ Hn A 


Не says he has 
no health insurance! 
GET HIM OUT OF 
HERE!!! 


What's 
that, nipples? 
You sense danger 
lurking about? 


Smile! 
| want to get a picture 
before you fade into 
obscurity! 


ad Was Natalie Portman Showed in Black swan, MAD % 1 Е 


ballet is a grueling activitythat destroys your. 
body, wrecks your mind, and makes you stab ТЕЙ Kin 
Winona Ryder in the face! Unfortunately, all 1 е Ре Own, 
‘this sacrifice yields very little: a few hours 7 
reach Week, prancing ‘round a stage in a frilly < 
leotard: 50 for all you piroue , leapers, I acC ICa 4 
7 “апа face-stabbers out there, лу helpfatly 


7 discovered ways for you to make your skills Р. І ә 1 1 | < T 
_ Worthwhile! All VOT need to do j$apply..: . са 1 € ses 


бе PATER a a 


Situation 
Situation Squat toilet while 
Attack by mugger on camping trip 


ae а З Situation 
Situation Situation Sale item on top shelf Elevé en pointe en premiere 
No money for subway fare Attack by three muggers in supermarket with arms en cinquième 


Situation ; SE Situation | ^ Situation 
Gum stuck to bottom of shoe Itchy ankle in crowded elevator Dog poop on sidewalk 


= ; і р зо у للا‎ Situation 
Situation Pervert trying to grope you (fifth position en avant 


Port de bras in first position 
Situation 


Annoying door-to-door salesman Grand battement en avant on subway car for Cecchetti students Y Drank too much at keg party Reverence 
ying 8P 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. 


уузу] 


MARTIN BEATS THE HIGH COST OF GASOLL 


38] /&-| кекек 


x TEDT 
«За 


NC 


~ 
~ 
-—— — 


NJ Serer 
| MARBLE SHOOTING 
Й | CHAMPIONSHIP 

/ wa 


а 


з 


ро» ۹ 


& V" €. 5.3, 8 


- 
testa .. +? 
т R2-D2-STEP DEPT. `. Á 
5 : ў 

Let's face й, Dancing with the Stars is hurting real bad for quality contestants. (Kyle Massey, anyone?) If they want to save 
their sorry show, they’should partner with a popular movie franchise — like Star Wars — and get some REAL characters on 
THING, so chances are we'll actually get to see: 


there! Actually, George Lucas will put the Star Wars name on pretty much ANY 
n м یب‎ ۷ 


From a television studio far, far away, wel- سے"‎ ET - A valid point, Brooke, " 

come to this season's finale of Dancing With $ | don't want to be a continuity Д but if you think about it Too true, Tom. 

the Star Wars — where the galaxy's greatest nerd, Tom - but І notice it makes about as much And...the 

heroes and most sinister villains compete in that all season long, there sense as us trying to producers are enough 

the most dangerous form of battle...dance! have been characters from pass off talent-voids like | now telling me original 

Tonight, we announce the ultimate winner, the original trilogy AND the Joey Lawrence, Mel B., 1 should shut up |] content, 
but first, we'll present exactly what all our prequels, all in the same place and Steve-O as "stars" and just look let's get 
die-hard viewers are desperate to see — How is that possible? A lot of | іп previous seasons! hot for the rest to the 

this just isn't making sense! of the show! 


another recap of the season's results! 


* 


| find your lack of киини 
faith in my Lindy 3 Stormtroopers агеп'ї known for hitting their targets, 
Hop disturbing. but this rendition of the Tootsie Roll is right on the mark! 


Okay, you need to remember that it’s a 
six-count basic, then an eight-count basic into 
the throwout — not the other way arou...URK! 


-.. And іп a surprise maneuver, Wicket advanced past his Storm- 


There were moments that were truly inspiring and energizing, 
trooper competition, and moved ahead to an unexpected lead! 


such as Jabba the Hutt's amazing lift as he and Lacey Schwimmer 
danced to "The Time of My Life" from the film Dirty Dancing. 


Nobody puts Boba I've got...a bad feeling... 
in the corner! about this... 


Okay, it's like.....Blaaaah! Okay! It's like — when you're І can only be honest. The bad news is that Lacey In thees dance, | did no 
dancing with a partner? Right? You have to CARRY broke every single bone in her body! Until she like-a the footwork! 
YOUR WEIGHT! You know? And sometimes, to carry your recovers, she will be just a giant, fleshy blob! The Maybe because Jabba 
weight? Whoooooooa! Sometimes that means you have to [B good news, though, is that she is now the PERFECT | doesn't have the feet! But 
carry your partner's weight. Right? Woo-hoo-woo-ooo0! || partner for Jabba! So, silver lining on that one, eh? thatsa notta an excuse! 


Sadly, that 
would not be 
the season's 
only tragedy. 
Happily, how- 
ever, there's 
nothing this 
show loves 
more than 
a disastrous | 
accident that 
we can revisit 
over and over "n 

again. And { 
again! No one 
will be able 
to look back 
on this season 
without re- 
calling Darth 
Maul's heart- 
breaking 
elimination 
during "Swing 
Night"... 


You've GOT to 
be kidding me! 
Again?!?! 


y And no one will forget the controversy after Greedo and Han Solo's face-off! After a particularly 
j close competition, the contestants all eagerly waited for the results to be announced... 
The votes have Мо WAY! | That's ridiculous! Everyone 
been counted Greedo 
and...it's a tie got 
for first place! first! 


- تت‎ 4 But the past season has also provided some unforgettable triumphs — 
Looks like Han Sorry about like General Grievous’ performance on “Broadway Night”... 


got first... the mess. 


And, of course, no season would be complete without some special And we even had a special guest dance performance from 
visits from competitors who were eliminated earlier in the season! the stars of Tatooine's Best Dance Crew...Jawa-wockeez! 
id 
Use the 2 
foxtrot, 
2.......: 


ма... 


Whoooo! | loved your For me, it’s not even about the 1 justa love how you always find 
incomprehensible, loud dancing. To me, you're everything fresh and original ways to do 
bellowing noises! A// ы a champion should be: snobbish, something obnoxious and make 
۸۷۸۷۷۱۸۲۲! And | love how - patronizing, and vaguely British! 
you shake your arms above You're completely stuck-up 
your head whenever you're and joyless! І don't know what or flailing your body about like some 
excited! You totally ROCKED 4 the future holds for you, but as kinda super-spazz-a, you really cover 
it! You deserve this win!!!! yo : for right now, I'd love to grab all-a the bases! I think it's genius! 
М/һооооооо-НООООО! A a drink with you tonight. ` You're my picka to winna it all! 


Arrrr-rrh-rrrr- , Ooooh! Thank 
roo-ooo-oo!* heavens! ` you muy muy! 


E "What the hell is she talking about? 
Г Д 


Someone will eventually take home the Here's а That should I'm Tom Bergeron, saying goodnight! 
Mirror Death Star Trophy! But at this point, clip! ٩ be ME And she’s Brooke Burke, saying 


there's no telling if this stand-off will ever 
end...so tune in next week for a BRAND 
NEW show: Dancing with the Star Trek! 


up there! nothing. Goodnight, America! 


і 2 Ға 


| our knowledge of Hollywood's most 
e youn iens dirug-addled douchebag! 


Which "actor" has schtupped 
more porn stars? 


4 4 а) Ron Jeremy 
b) Peter North 


с) Charlie Sheen 


Yikes! 


с қ А - Which of the following h. 
> 1 g has 
Your nose started apes - Charlie not done? 
while you told aTM ылы а) Demanded а meeting with 
that you finally | - t President Obama to discuss the 
it together. ; o C je, W 7 federal government's “role” in 
Ass who the 9/11 attacks 
Go back three spaces. eas arlie Sheen " b) Shot his fiancée in the arm 


с) Been nominated for an Oscar 


Uh-Oh! 


According to industry experts, 


қалағаны 2546 е \оде when will Charlie again be 
É -Semitic е given a maj 
jor role on a network 
ravings have gotten you fired television show? 


by Warner Bros. and left you 

less employable than a 

condom salesman on an 
island of lesbians. 


a) Never 
b) Never ever 
<) Never ever ever ever ever ever ever 


22 9 d) Any day now. Networks are so desperate 


NES and 31 missing for ratings, anything is possible. 
fifteen pao 

Match Charlie's 

contorted facial _You've reconciled 

expression with қ белгі Your ex-wives and 

his disturbingly А اکا‎ and you've been 
incoherent quotes! fê y юра pho іп а sequel to 
"Marry a tree, because, 1 0 ex-wife's this dream naa wake from 
ya know, the other kind of to cure and send it own اط‎ pool of your 
marriage for me didn’t work. 0 ооду vomit, 


Marry a tree.” 


Go back 


“When you see how І party, three spac 
y ез. 


тап, it’s еріс. The run 

1 was on made Sinatra, 
Flynn, Jagger, Richards, 
all of them, just look like 
droopy-eyed children." 


Available now from your local dealer — 
toy dealer, that is. 


"Lh. 10,000-yea Id 
ave а жна В From the makers ої the Nose-Candyland Game and the Easy-Bake Meth Oven 


brain and the boogers of 
a seven-year-old!” 


SPLIT HAPPENS DEPT. 


Couples end up in marriage counseling when they're not sure they've picked the right spouse. But what do you do when you're not sure you've picked the right 
counselor? 


Then you've got a real pickle! Luckily, there some warning signs. So, try to stop verbally bashing your significant other long enough to listen for... ( 


RIAGE CO 


TH 


Now tell 
me again, which 
one of you is Brad, 
and which one is 
Debbie Sue? 


| sympathize 
with your plight. 

I've had five 
failed marriages 


| feel I'm non- 
biased. 


Id like to 
start off the 
session, if | may, with a 
short prayer: Hear us, 
O Satan, our Lord 
of Darkness... 


You need to 
be more intimate in 
the bedroom. Start by 
caressing her supple, milky 
white breasts, kneading 
them with a reckless 
hunger borne of 
риге lust... 


| know exactly 
what you need: a 
time-share in Florida. 
If you'll take a moment 
to look over these 
brochures... 


something just 
occurred to me: 
maybe youre 
both gay. 


hermaphrodite, 


32 ۱ 4 
== 


(“4 


سے 


©з 


бе 


N'T WANT 


IT TOH 
UNSE 


ГА how much crossover 


7 


EAR 


ZU 


1 you two 
will just lie to each 


other and hide your 
true feelings, there'd 


be a lot less 
friction. 


The “Doctor” 
actually refers to 
my veterinary degree, 
but youd be surprised 


there is. 


| learned 
an interesting 
technique for getting 
along while | was 
in prison. 


Look at 
it this way: a 
thousand years 
from now, nobody 
will care. 


Now that your 
marriage is on the 
verge of collapse, l'Il 


give you five hundred 
bucks apiece for your 
wedding bands. 


Sorry, 
| need to take 
this. The damn 
bitch is calling 
again. 


Let me 
consult my sock 
puppet, Zoodles the 
Clown. He never 
steers me 
wrong! 


Remember, 
some of those 
penis enlargement 
offers that appear in 
your spam folder 
actually do 
work. 


You should have 
five or six more 
kids. That way, you'll 
be too distracted 
to fight. 


МІ tell you 
the same thing 
| told Kelsey 
Grammer... 


وزو د << 


0 
Ris 
YS 


[S 0 


= 


Ж 


or RDERS 
TV 


ї 
SHOW 


i 


“м, 


( 
کان 


| 
| 


2 


ЭШ 


( 


СЕМ 
iE чо 
RE |9 


: 


АЗ 
қ» 


a 324 чар й 
е “Ша 
2 Өре” Mig у 


ыз 7% 
сооз / / ni 
pe ک٢‎ 3 


22 ар! ЧЫ 


° d I3 пес 5 а 
b ze з: M ې‎ d ж; 
يسه‎ DE E 


RCA y Ше 
С! 


ae THEATRES OF THE ABSURD DEPT. When the war in Afghanistan b 
that the thing would b | began way back in 2001, there were 
and in that time де сагы: іп а jiffy. Unfortunately, the battle aoe pies ge кесе: 
quagmire has arisen: Broadway's dreadful ТА туен — 
з -delayed Spider-Man: 


urn Off the Dark. A i Wi 
. And while the two col п 
T E бг ossal blunders might not seem to invite comparison, 


SIMILARITIES & DIFFERENCES 


AFGHANISTAN 
SPIDER-MAN 


Millions of dollars 
blindly poured into it 


е сұғы‏ د 


Casualties rising by the day 


Moves at a glacial pace, 
yet is painfully confusing 


Entire production 
very poorly choreographed 


Bono saddened by 
the whole tragic affair 


Largely performed by 
disillusioned twentysomethings 


Americans paying close attention 
to the endless debacle 


SS 


Will still be going strong in 2013 
دو رت ۷ د په‎ SS ae 


ا 


No plausible exit strategy 


т ت‎ 


Leader replaced amid 
much controversy 


f ٦ ZUCKERBERG'S-EYE VIEW DEPT. 
Aside from Snooki and Justin Bieber, there are few things in modern life that are as unavoidable as Facebook. Unlike Snooks and Beebs, 


though, Facebook is great for lots of things: connecting with friends, sharing photos, and posting real-time updates on your love of Jujubes. 
But these benefits are far outweighed by the many, many things that flat-out suck about the site — beginning with... 


WORST 
ara faceboo 


Facebook has 500 million users and is valued | 
at 65 billion dollars — which means that your 
membership alone has put $130 in the pocket 
of Mark Zuckerberg's faded, smelly hoodie. 


The unbelievably clever practice of purposely misspelling your 
name in your profile to elude college admissions officers and 
potential employers — go feck yourselves. 


The devil and angel that appear on your shoulders as you 
debate whether to accept or ignore your grandmother's 
friend request. 


When you post a trivial political viewpoint, and 
someone who disagrees with you replies with a 
point-by-point manifesto so long it would make 
the Unabomber drowsy. 

Ryan 

I just read an article in USA Today that says the deficit 

actually went DOWN last year. 


Michelle 

Ok...first off, the article makes an erroneous assumption 
that the budget was set in the first four months. The historic 
stimulus bill added 200 billion to the deficit in 2009, and that's 
just one of the spending items on Obama's shopping list, 
according to figures from the CBO... 

See more. Much, much more 


The knowledge that no matter what your privacy 
settings are, any creep, lunatic or pervert could be 
looking at your profile picture right now. 


The fact that the first response to just about every А ۷۷۸۷۷ ۷۸۸ - ٠ 
2 new Facebook setting or feature is, "How do I opt | CANCUN ہے مہ‎ 
out of this?” 


Knowing that the 70 people who wrote 
“Happy Bday!” on your wall didn’t actually 
remember your birthday, but just saw the 
notification. 


ZI Mark | 
3 Happy 35th Birthday! | 


й кт 
happy 37th big guy | 
Ж Zach 
| The big 3-0! 


Josh 
Dude I thought you died 


The growing segment of the population 
that always talks about Facebook, 

even when they’re NOT 
logged on to Facebook. 


50 MY FRIEND 
FRANK'S STATUS IS 
"GO JETS," AND THEN 
I CLICK THAT I LIKE IT, ВИТ 


Facebook chat — it cuts out and logs off at a rate 
that makes us nostalgic for AOL 2.0. 


The bland and pointless info section, where your 
boring answers to insipid categories like “interests” 
and "activities" make this month's Playmate sound 
like Shakespeare in comparison. 


Friends inviting you to view albums 
of parties you weren't invited to. 


|6 CALLED "PARTY LAST 
WEEKEND"... WHAT 


The charming way your boyfriend changed his 


status from “in a relationship” to “single” a full 
джел eee 


Friends who hijack your profile and make subtle, clever 
1 changes...like incorporating the word “poop” into your 
current status. 


Tagging yourself as your “celebrity doppelganger” — 
congratulations! You've reaffirmed what everyone on 
the planet already knew: 1) You’re an egomaniac and 
2) You don’t look an effin’ THING like Adrian Grenier. 


The never-ending, narcissistic quest for the 
perfect new profile picture. 


A SHOT 
OF ME AND THAT 
SUNSET WOULD BE 

РЕ! ОЁ MY 
PROFILE РІС! 


status update for an hour — after which they can go right 


1 People who show support for a cause by changing their 
back to not really giving a damn. 


The fact that Facebook’s business model is built 
entirely on sucking away your every last molecule 
of privacy so they can hawk it to advertisers. 


Brooks Brothers 
Jacob! Save 30% 
on funeral wear at 
Brooks Brothers! 


Jacob 
RIP Grandma Rose. You will be 


in my heart always 


Facebook's penchant for constant profile overhauls and 
1 redesigns that improve upon the original almost as much 
as that time Heinz decided to make blue ketchup. 


Getting excited about 12 notifications, only to discover that 
10 of them contain the word “zombie.” 


Facebook “Friend suggestions” that аге | 
as clueless and awful as Amazon's book | 4 5 Having your account hacked into so it looks 


recommendations. 


like you’re shilling products. 


HMMM... 
FACEBOOK THINKS 
I WANT TO BE FRIENDS 
WITH MY EX AND THE 
BITCH HE LEFT ME 
FOR! 


Charlie 

I did not send the message “I’m having such great results 
with Enhanz-Plus All-Natural Male Enhancement Pills," or that 
they “make my man-quarters feel like a steam locomotive 
of explosive sex-passion” - my account was hacked into! 
Please believe me! 


Joe 
LOL! Awesome, dude - you are the KING! Choo-choo! 
All aboard! 


ہم 
/ 


A 


Friend requests from estranged camp bunkmates, third 
cousins, former landlords, that guy you were in a car 

| accident with and other dregs from your life that you 
hoped you’d never hear from again. 


“Never-Ending Quizzes” that are somehow more addictive 
than meth, yet a hundred times less productive. 


The Bermuda Triangle-esque vortex of time- 

wasting, where you sign in just to check your 
2 1 “Liking” — we just don't like it. | latest updates, and suddenly it's eight hours 

later and you've seen every picture taken of 
your friends since they were 12. 


Companies that beg you to "Friend us on Face- | 
2 book" — because you've always dreamt of getting 
hourly updates from Stubbins Pest Control. 


HUH. 
I DIDN'T KNOW JEFF 
PLAYED PEE-WEE 


БА Karen | 
At dinner with the girls ;-) | 
Karen's Mom 

û Remember shellfish gives you gas! | 


Pictures that girls take of themselves 
with the same seductive head tilt that, 
because of how they have to hold the 
camera, show mostly armpit. 


\) 


чі 5% | 
222 Pathetically forcing yourself to invite those strange semi- 
^ | 29 friends from high school back into your life just to buff up 
/ your anemic friend count. 
2 7 


у © 


Веп 
Status: Stomach bug finally gone! Soooo much diarrhea! 


People who don't realize just how 
morbid it is to "Like" a status that 
begins with "RIP." 


Andy 
RIP Michael Jackson. 


& 53 People Like This. 


Bridget 
Nice status! 


Jesse 
super like. RIP 


People who have been on Facebook for a solid 
3 2 two years and are STILL using that creepy 
"silhouette" default profile pic. 


The depressing realization that, if Bigfoot 
33 does exist, he would be on Facebook now, 
too. But, since he's not, case finally closed. 


"Zany," warped, Photo Booth profile 
pictures. Actually, the "twirl" function 
does make you look a little less 
cross-eyed. 


Trying to explain to your mail-order transgender 
illegal immigrant life partner why your relationship 
status is "It's complicated" without hurting 
his/her feelings. 


Douches who not only regale you with updates of 
what they've just eaten, but also upload pictures 
of the meal — as if you otherwise wouldn't believe 
the existence of a ham and cheddar omelet. 


3 
3 


Reunions that never would have happened 
without Facebook's help putting everyone in 
touch — and that, once you're at them, make you 
realize why they never should have happened. 


Tagging all of your friends in those little cartoon spreads 
with side-splitting aliases like "the drama queen” and 
“the ladies man,” because the only thing better than being 
friends with you is having your personality reduced to a 
three-word cliché. 


People who smugly brag that they're "not on Facebook" — 
which is just as well, since, beyond that fascinating factoid, 
they have absolutely NOTHING to share. 


Back-and-forth Facebook "conversations" that, 
unlike real conversations, rapidly devolve into 
lazy, one-word grunts. 


Doug 
Hey, how'd it go today? I know you were nervous about it. 


Trevor 
It went great, thanks. It wasn’t that bad after all. 


Yeah. 


Doug 
ok 


Facebook “poking” you do is inversely ргорог- 


4 The sad, inescapable truth that the amount of 
tionate to the amount you do in real life. 


Facebook’s regular, unannounced altering of 
42 privacy settings — which are slightly less difficult 
to undo than cracking the DaVinci Code. 


The lack of a “Dislike” feature. 


When the only people who “Like” your 
shirtless beefcake pics of yourself are 
close relatives. 


n 


Brad 
> ped Break Photos 2011 


А. 


Brad’s Aunt 
г Very handsome!!! 


to tag you in the far corner of a party photo taking 


4 Getting fired because some a-hole took the time 
a bong hit. 


The surprising success of The Social Network — 
which means it won't be long until we see movies 
based on the thrilling creation of Google, Mapquest, 
and GoDaddy.com. 


The unsettling realization that whenever you 
try to delete your profile, Facebook goes all 
HAL on you. 


Event invitations: Great! Mark your calendars for “I dropped 
48 my phone іп the toilet and now I need everybody's numbers" 
and “If enough people join this group ІЛІ shave my eyebrows”! 


Facebook experience are blurry uploaded cell phone pics 


AO tre Facebook Mobile — because what's really been missing from 
and car accidents resulting from you updating your status. 


The haunting realization that when you get right 
down to it, Facebook is a thorough, complete 
and undying record of every stupid thing you've 
ever done. 


MOMMY, 
I'M CONFUSED. WHY 
DON'T YOU STILL HAVE "TZE 
PLEDGE" WRITTEN ON YOUR CHEST 
LIKE IN YOUR FACEBOOK PHOTOS? 
AND THOSE BOYS YOU WERE 
KISSING DON'T LOOK 
LIKE DADDY. 


Газ, UNDERAGE THINKING оерт. 
| О n 


21 


G 


| ٢ 
2 


= | WRITER: MICHAEL GALLAGHER ARTIST: PAUL COKER 


HERE МЕ GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


MANY YOUNG MAD FOLD-IN 


PERFORMERS Show business сап be cruel —and performers who are looking to advance 
their careers have to endure all kinds of professional abuse. There's one % 

GET THEIR FIRST place in particular, however, where more and more talented young art- «ба С 

BIG BREAK? ists are putting it all on the line, and just praying that things go well. To 4 % 

find out where new careers аге gaining traction, fold page іп as shown. FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 


WHERE DID 


SPECIAL ABILITIES ARE REQUIRED TO GAIN CONSIDER- 
ATION IN TALENT TESTS. EVERY MAN AND WOMAN 
ONLY DREAMS OF STARDOM. BUT IN A MERCILESS BROAD- 
CAST, MOST FAIL AND DREAMS OF FAME FADE AWAY 


г» WRITER AND ARTIST: AL JAFFEE «3 


WHERE DID 
MANY YOUNG 
PERFORMERS 

GET THEIR FIRST 

BIG BREAK? 

FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS! 


[А E] 1578" 
Ж ү Я З dopb 


IESCAPEIEROMPZOMBIEVIPEETUSAT 
The nightmare's not over yet! Get ready to rumble with brain-munching 
fiends in ThE 2010112 CHASERS siz: UNLEAL AREAL 


HASER Zack Clarke and his pals have 
discovered the zombie antidote, but 
can they save the nation from the 


undead ahead? 


h 


Illustrations by Steve Wolfhard 


Don't miss the adventure 
that started it all! Read >, 
THE ZOMBIE CHASERS, jê 

now in paperback. 5 


DEFEATING. THE UNDEAD HAS NEVER 
BEEN SO MUCH FUN! 


Become an official Zombie Chaser. Play games, 
earn points, and win trophies at www.thezombiechasers.com! 


HARPER 38 


An Imprint of HarperCollinsPublishers alloyentertainment 


