WE WANT VOW, 


In the 19805, MAD Founder and Publisher 
William M. Gaines foolishly established 
“The Soul of MAD" — a collection of 
12 MAD covers chosen for their idiotic 
uniqueness, artistic achievement 

or classic timelessness. 


Now, here is your chance to own a 
‘special high-quality reproduction 
of one of those low-quality covers! 
Subscribe to MAD for two years 
and receive a limited edition print 
of artist Norman Mingo's classic. 
"Alfred as Uncle Sam" (MAD #126) 
with your paid subscription. 


DO YOUR PART 
FOR AMERICA! 


(Or at least for our salaries...) 


PLUS THE LIMITED EDITION PRINT “ALFRED AS UNCLE SAM,” 
ALL FOR ONLY $29?! N 

BI tiburon ro E mon tn 
SUBSCRIBE NOW TO INSURE GETTING THIS MAD COLLECTIBLE! ha 
SUBSCRIBE ONLINE AT A OR CALL. (462-3624) 


e ———————ŝ—o e I 
cp pao e wa a 


Departments OCTOBER 2015 


1 Ni VAL usr we can co DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Table of Contents 

2). LETRO AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 
RANDOM ACTS OF MINOLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 

41. o ea omm, вият 
А MAD Political Movie Poster 


“The Scavengers: Age of Moron" 
(A MAD Movie Satire) 


18 WE say nus monar orraerutur 


Are You a Foodie..or Not? Acus | — e i. 
anan = 2 Another MAD Political Movie Poster — e. 
20 E eet o 2 


mpathy Cards We Wish We Could B 
en z Why It Sucks When Your Parents Are 
Into Renaissance Paires 
26 ou neme vo osa анмен 
MAD's Tips for Tipping 
—— 
MAD's Tom Bunk Visits the Eiffel Tower 
— мата 
Yet Another MAD Political Movie Poster 


PEN ANO am uvam 
The MAD Strip Club 
porren vo me ENCORE DEPARTMENT 
Atho ev ANY OTHER NAME DEPARTMENT 
The MAD Vault 3 famous Odes to Spanish Side Dishes 
M E AN EMBARRASSMENT оғ RIOHARD'S DEPARTMENT. 
Still Another MAD Political Movie Poster 35 Sn Publie Transportation, Courtesy Counts! (A MAD PSA) 
Jee ano oaaata ofpaarwer 
Spy vs. Spy 
дд VIE orano or pc seve oem 
MAD's Celebrity Supermarket 


Д8 «вокан onena OEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Urban Wildlife 
152 ABANDON TROP. AL VE wno ENTER MERE DEPARTMENT 
Campaign Quotes That Would Be Refreshing 
154, OU Dan онло Depas 
The Best of the idiotical 
A JAPPEE DEPARTMENT 
Another Ridiculous MAD Fold-In.. Inside Back Cover 
MARGINAL nwona DEPARTMENT 
"Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 
Various Places Around the Magazine 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


« 
THE VANISH INQUISITION > 
Tye been a huge fan of MAD magazine since I was eight years old and 
stil am. There's only one problem. Me and my brother put all our МАО 
ina special place (away from our parents) and they keep disappearing! 
Is the extreme stupidity in them making them spontaneously combust 
oram l just too dumb to find them? (Fr going with the latter) 
Ralph White San Anselmo, CA 


The White Stuff — We are positive its the latter for two reasons. First ott you 


smoldering crater loococong ago. Anyhoo, thank for your question! —£d. 


SITTING BULL 


Please help me, I made the mistake of reading a MAD magazine to my 
son 20 years ago, and now at age 26 he won't go to bed unless 1 read him | 
MAD. What can 1 do now? I don't want him on my lap when he's 40! 

Don Burden + White Lake, Michigan 


‘Beast of Burden 一 We have the perfect solution! When you're reading him 


this issue, be sure to take your time when you get to UNS letter After povi e 
dote, ask him if he understood the moral of his “bedtime story” Then before 
he can answer, scream “Is that Daddy doesa't love you amore, push him 
‘off your lap and rn like the dickens. Repeat each night uni he gets the idea 
0 months tops} Your lap wil be yours again in no time! Happy to p! —E4. 


PROS AND CONSPIRACIES 

I couldn't help but notice you are in the Illuminati. I can 
prose it. “Alfred” has six letters in it. "Six" has three letters 
in it. The Illuminati triangle has three sides. Illuminati 
CONFIRMED! 


Lex Scobey = Severn, MD 


Lex on the Beach — We have to admit you're right — our cover 
is blown! But we have a feeling that you, Lex Scobey of Severn, 
Maryland, are also part of the shadowy cult that has orches- 

trated everything from the French Revolution to this season's 

winner on The Voice! Here's the math to prove ti Your letter 

had 34 words in it. 34 divided by two — the number of words in 
“Lex Scobey” — is 17.17 minus six — the number of letters in 
“Severn” — is 11. And how many letters are in “Mominati”? 10! 
OR jeez That's disappointing. it looks like you aren't in the club 
after all Lex — you're just some weirdo who sends alarming. 

{ity insane letters to crappy humor magazines to pass the time! 
Maybe someday youl be able to don the rich maroon Iluminati 
robes that we all lounge around in at the office — but it seems 
pretty unlikely. Oh well. it makes you feel any beter we'll say 
hi to By 2 for you at the next meeting! —£d. 


POSTAL DISSERVICE 

May this letter provide you with a chuckle, Lam a retired 
elementary school teacher who loves your magazine so 
much that 1 sponsor a subscription for our local small-town 
library. All the issues are well-read. Unfortunately, the 
crown jewel issue of 2014's 20 Dumbest failed to arrive at 
the library; I bought my copy at the newsstand. I can only 
conclude there is a posta) clerk out there somewhere with 
a high IQ, a good sense of humor and egregious ethics. 
Joyce Cameron + Garden Valley, CA 


Almond Joyce — far be it from the MAD editorial staff to correct 
former teacher — we e ot that bright (between us we have 
vee high school diplomas and one poor forged GE) — but 
‘appears that your conclusions about your local posta clerk are 
‘nly 1 correct Sure, the guys ethics are egregious — that's 
‘why he's sting magazines while he should be performing other 
portan post fice dte, like putting the "net vidon? sign 
‘onthe counter while he goes out for a smoke. But how high can 
s IQ be if he's reading MAD? And “a good sense of humor”? 
MAL You mas be putting us on Joc. youre not your f 
eter serves as a stinging indictment of not only бе (У. 
US Postal Service, but of the Garden Valley Board of D 
E rn edo Calor pas 7,8 | 
temible shape! (he postal service and school board | ©, 
are what cused the current droughts lg? As we ¿LN 
Sad calle; we're not so bright) ~E. 1 


FOLLC 
Looking fora way to waste timo ANO open yourself up to publi: 
cu? Үрме in luck! You can do both simply by аге us on 
Facebook ond folowing us on Tumbir and Twited Its a perfect 


GETTING TO THE POINTLESS L ) INK 

have been subscribing for two years. I think this is the best magazine | Zack Weaver posted this haunting picture of his skeletal ltd 

out there. But I would like to ask: why do people write to you for advice | tattoo on our Facebook page. Pretty impressive! Beet of al, in 

when you never give advice and just crack funny jokes (which are > pinch, it can aleo pass for pretty decent Wilom DaFoe tat 

hilarious). Do they do it just for the free stuff? Which reminds us — got some MAD-themed ink? Sond it our 

Jordi Aguilar «San Bruno, CA Wn Your mistake already permanent, eo why not mmortalze 
Rinthe pagos of MAD? 


Air Jordi — Who knows why people do what they do? The heart is fickle, 
Jordi — even more fickle than the kidneys (although not quite as fickle as the 
small intestine) The whims of the soul are but the wings of a dove, carrying 
‘one's desires aloft, fluttering and bold, squirting watery little poops upon 
unsuspecting passersby. And, yea, even that man down below, angrily scraping 
his dung-soled sweater sleeve against the rough brick facade of the nearest 
Starbucks has his own secrets, his own ilicit yearnings. Was this "advice" 
helpful, Jordi? Because our passion is helping people. Now where were we? 
Oh, yeah — enjoy the free stuff! —Ed. 


B © ur 


Really hope | make first contact w a space 
alien so that | can give it a MAD magazine 8. 
tell it that that's our newspaper 


THE SUB OF ALL FEARS 


Tm big fan of your mag, Been reading it since teen years 
but lost track for a while until my grandson was selling 


— — magazine subscriptions. I saw it and had to have it, Now 
уат з RS NUM leni 
CELEBRITY SNAPS У меп I'm reading MAD 1 can't stop laughing, It’s as good as 
Hello, MAD! At Niagara Falls Comic-Con my nephew Jaden, it's ever been. Til be reading it until can't read anymore! 
Crow T. RobotandYauccessaly persuaded Alfonse Ribeiro 25 97) Sherrie Doane Белак, ОН 
vo lly ћи ande witk an me OE MADI Му bother Scott” ЗІ ma ponon aneto ram wave ep sd at 
fad to wod zo as revenge T brought a picture of him ia NASE Ual ac a nine wv cid dn 
which he's rocking 90's hair. to learn the value of a dollar! Sure, it may mean that a young. 
Jonathan Emerling- Orchard Park, NY inn less rpc ere panas uea a cn ut 
rile or se eng manti or ua 

——— | oer rad mae i Dut aa ml 
VA Giancarlo оромо, ме ال‎ | ay Especially for um me get those s 


Who knows what the fire holds for this rag tag group ot autograph seekers! 

MI sa frmo dy Ma tar Dec end 

Combat? Wil t donate in a sat of confused comic cen security 

broken electric can opener? The descent nto madness ia hell of aide — THE GRATING AMERICAN NOVEL 

we lok orde E 1 have been a huge fan of you since I was six. Me and my 
dad would go to the comic book store every two months 

to buy MAD. am now 11 and [have even done a novel 

response for school on MAD. After reading my novel 

response my teacher wanted to read the magazine. She was 

laughing harder than any teacher [ve ever heard. leven 

think she liked it more than me. 


Baxter Wright + Seabrook, TX 


Don't Forget to Wright — 
Valley California, and now your teacher down in Seabrook, Texas, 
wed say we have the makings of an epidemic of idiocy sweeping 
this country's educators! Which makes us wonder three things: 
first, what sort of "educator" allows a shoddy, pooly-written hu- 
mor magazine to be considered a "novel"? Second: how on earth 
could this person not only willingly read such drivel, but actually 
laugh at it? (Honestly, we've never heard of anyone having that 
reaction to MAD) And third: given the poor quality of education 
you've been subjected to how the heck were you able to cobble 
together a comprehensible letter? —Ed. 


Letters and 
Tomatoes 


BREAKING ALL THE RUSE 
My name is Jordan DeBartolo and Lam 11 years old. love your 
magazines, they're the best! My favorite part is Spy vs. Spy with all 
the bombs and stuff! My older brother collected MAD magazines, bat 
he went to college and guess who he gave all his magazines to.. ME 
have about 100 magazines, and I promised my brother I would keep 
collecting MAD magazines! So please keep making more funny and 
absolutely stupid magazines! 

Jordan DeBartolo + Brantford, Ontario 


flash Jordan — Forgive us if we weren't made more than а little suspicious by 
your letter. We couldn't help but notice that you share a last name with MADY 
maddest writer, Dick DeBartolo — whose claim to MAD fame, of course, is that 
he's had an article in an astonishing 432 straight issues of the magazine. This 
Col Ripken lik streak has made him wealthy beyond belief — and he needs. 
itt Why, his monthly mustache-upkeep bil alone sometimes runs into the four 
figures But to keep this plush lifestyle afloat, MAD must never stop publishing. 


ask you, Jordan: are you Dick's nephew? Or his second cousin, twice removed? 
‘And did he corner you at the annual DeBartolo family reunion and put you 
up to asking us to "keep making stupid magazines”? Because if he did, well, 
‘thats justa shameful conflict of interest Although, frankly, after more than 
50 years of dealing with the guy almost nothing would surprise us! 一 Ed 


ADER A 


LERT 


IT'S DEMANDS WORLD 

Tra 7 years old and just started reading MAD — STOP 
THE DANG SWEARING! Where do you live, in a trailer 
park? If want to hear swearing I'l hide my 14-year-old 
sisters cell phone. Ok, let's change the subject. Here are 
some things to improve your magazine. 1) More English 
accents. 2) Have Weird Al and Alfred E. Neuman appear 
in every magazine. 3) Make Spy vs. Spy less bloody. 

4) More singing and dancing, 

Jack Klug- Lake Geneva, WI 


Kiogger Lang — MAD readers go through two stages — the first 
is “ht state reading MAD” - followed almost immediately by 
just topped reading MAD” We hope we caught you in time! 
Well do oor best to address your concerns, but they seem pretty 
‘cary and of bse For starters мете not sure what you mean 
‘bout the swearing, but your credibility is hurt by your OWN salty 
language Dong" 1? Give us some warning before you drop the 
D-bomb!) Regarding the rest: 1) Everything is already written 
with an English accent = you're obviously just reading it wrong 
Well meet you halfway and put Alfred in every issue. 3) Make 
Spy vs. Spy less bloody? Is this about the English accents again? 
Lets bloody what? Lets bloody entertaining? Less bloody stupid? 
Boy you rely don get English accents. 4) We dont know about 

and dancing, but mow that we re done answering your 
lei Ier be celebrating of SOME kind! — t 


Was your later printed in tha issue? Well hold 
onto your chisels, Gepetto, because you've got 
‘some auecomo tresbios coming your way You 
be getting tho Stor Wars Epic Yoms trilogy. 
‘courtesy of our friends at Chronicle Books; 
о Blu-ray combo pack of Botmon Unlimited: 
Monster Mayhem. from our buds at Warner Bros. 
Home Entertainment; The Complete Peonute, 
1995-1996 from our chuma at Fantagraphics: 
and Out of line: The Art of Jules Felfe, courtesy 
‘of our amigos ot Abrama Cormichrte Al Nia swel 
stuff — just for wring a letter to some dumb 
magazine! Can you believe it? U-S-AlU-S-AL 


MAD #536 is on sale October 13! - 


ADMINISTRATION. 


fon SUBSCRIPTION quesnons: Goss D екен 
er unan Cow 
Ter ka pons ph KASE Qud pas weet 


William M. Gaines Founder. 
John Ficarra Senior VP & Executive Editor | Dam eben Piden 


TETUIwi geen май | lira svenos SVO oie carson 
EDITORIAL pere sc e RD qusqa 
Charlie Kadu, koe табе os a a e ts aS 
Dove Cotto Er iisas 
Jacob Lambert scat dtr O атт KONTO EAC eS o 4. 
an e aa er om Rom مساق‎ 
ART DEPARTMENT deserere q; 
Sam Viviano VP- Art & Design = O re Im 
[omnu Eee imet CLE 
н Tk —— 
Contributing Artists And Writers s-r Tri 
The Usual Gang of dots Ed рады шалады ng eng 


Me nodos 
Aa US OMNI AGAR 


po 
— 


le 


Things have gone from bad 


Includes over 
50 years' worth or | 
song parodies, poem 
Spoofs, twisted 
nursery rhymes 
and more! 


THe FUNDALINI 


MAD'S PUBLIC APOLOGY INTERPRETER 


Tam grateful to my wie, 
for sticking bu me 
through this tr jag time. 


Tam grateful to my wifo, 

Susan, for waiting unti tho 

madio circus dies down before 
"ng for divorco and taking 
mo for every dotar I have. 


Twant to say, 
‘thank you to all of those. 
who supported me 
throughout this ordeal 


Truly bollovo that 
can change, 


Taincerelyrogrot 
‘thot my words were > 
misintorprotog. 


Hr beleve that 
= can chango my image, 
243 


= 
( Nothing is moro important tomo 
(Ep) 


(nothing is moro important to me 
(hon not boing caught өріп. 


The Fast 5 
FINDINGS IN THE EE kaspaka 
INVESTIGATION OF FIFA 


1 Although it somehow became assumed over the years, there's actually | 
no rule saying that players can't touch the ball with their hands. n mener мими 


2 Mad IAS corruption nol been exposed, East Timor was in line to get the 
World Cup in 2026 


З According toa high level source who requested anonyn 
appear to be as popular in the US. as ic is in other cou 


4 Early socer bolls ene made from pig and cow bladders Nothing scandalous 
Aere the investigators jas testing oftnva 


Sino 


Woot enpe 


тт 


y, soccer doesn't 


How to Annoy the 
Staff at Dollar Tree How ru: | 


Ask for directions to Family Dollar. When they 
don't know, say, "How about Dollar General?” 


PaGe Children's Books for 20-Somethings 


Tell a clerk to direct you 
to the "Made In America” aisle. 


Move the decimal point two spaces 
to the right on the store's awning, 


Strapping to your feet to circumvent Keeping tabs on the welrdos in Propping up your iPad while you use it to 
roller coaster height requirements your town who stil have landinos. ook up addresses ond phone numbers 


3 


THe FUNDALINI PAGES 


New Words We ACTION FILM CATCH-PHRASES 
Desperately Need YOU MAY HAVE MISSED 


Schadendrold (») Pleasure derived from the outdated 
сей phones of others. 

Brobotomy 1) The collective lack of higher brain 
function that occurs when groups of men get together 
Résumaybe (n) A list af job qualifications that arent 
‘entirely true. 

Po-potography in) The act of filming police so that 
they {hopefully} wort kil you. 

Apathleti s; The quality of not giving a crap about 
professional sports. 

Pillaxin' i») Same as chilaxin' but with the aid of 
prescription medications. 


an: 


like Salmun when. 
the Sela fih aes | Ue 
Pie sum kad gri 


Im. 7] 

быж 
oerte or nive 

AR APTA GATA] 


WR GREATEST 


Download the MAD iPad App in the iTune 


THE FUNDALINI PAGES 
The Faster 5 
THE APPLE CAR: 
WHAT WE KNOW SO FAR 
1 Will only be slightly bigger than the iPhone 6 Plus 
2 Unlike all other Mac products, will come with windows installed 


З WIL make texting while driving a crime of the past, with the introduction of 
home movie editing while driving 


| WI drastically reduce Genius Bar wait times due to all the suckers with broken 
down Apple Cars that can't make it to their appointments 


5 Car hom plays pre-loaded U2 songs for some reason 


Reasons Congress Hasn't 


Passed More Gun Legislation 
Percentage of gn owners аца 


vibe Nie er | Scared to alienate hs 2 

lower labeled hot Guns” 7 Ŝeol gaming S : 
pore > 
ЕЕЕ. n 


Pants? | oal number of “me egu- | Score Tor Naked Gen 2 12: 
one | The Smell of ear 


oln conect spel mis" оо RottenTomoloes 
= l К 
Te 
1 A AEDES 
condy bar VA. 
09 4 
‘otter 


15 GOP candidat 


WITH A VENGEANCE 


Hey, primary voters: Yippee-ki-yay, Motherf““kers! 


‘Six superhoroos who are always searching. Searching for buildings | 
to destroy. Searching for cars to blow up. Searching for villains to 
punch and pound. If only they combined all of their powers, all of 


‘even for superheroes! in the moanti 
| who only earo about finding 


Tam the rebooted verson of 
The Revision! lam a machine 


Not again! Disney 
buys Marve 


boom, we s: 
using their songs? 


Then you must 
have missed the 
first Avengers 


Tet that Smashing this mach mass 
back into Earth will kill everyone, But 


YOURE A FOODIE if you know exactly 
‘which ports of he blows 


ote timan ao 
est ond when pora ml ko 


S Каан 
МЕЕ 0 tig set 


Buffet at Golden Corral, YOU'RE NOJ 


FOODIE i you ask the weiter 
stan poles best wan th fel mignon. 


he 7-11 erk wat Strpee 
Mo pola bast win De day 
acio cheese YOU'RE NOT. 


YOURE A FOODIE it you know the diferenco. 
between a #9199 


fork and a dinner fork... 


YOURE A FOODIE il you always take 
et 


Myou only est at restaurants where the menu. 
has pictures ol food cn i YOURE N 


Ko 


your food at a restaurant. | 


YOURE A FOODIE il you keep al your. 
2 cookbook or computer fe... 


a 
W you keep all your recipes on the side 
of the Hamburger Helper box where 
you found them, YOURE MOT. 


ch Yep forthe 
roo nesama: YOURE NOT. 


(5 


—-— Nh): 


H you have Domino's set up as your 
¡Phone emergency contact, YOURE NOT. 


the same with 

meo YOURE NOT. 
you occasional toast your Pop Tarts 
‘when you're festing fancy YOU'RE NOT. 


2». 
zu 


ALL NIGHT! 
ند‎ OO 11 EN 
=== 


EEL EMPATHY GESTURES DEPT. 


Its tough to express sympathy when someone suffers a loss. We're not talking about the loss ofa loved one - that's easy! 
‘There are tons of sympathy cards you can send when that happens! But what about when someone suffers a different 
kind of loss = what do you do then? Luckily, MAD has come to the rescue = you can just read this article 


“and delay coming up with a real solution! 


N 
Y 


M Л 
IJJ bathy © Cards 
Z / we wish A we could | buy 


omfort of mass 
u at this 


With Sy да о orn 


the Moss Of 


Your Marbles 


= 


а Sorrow on the 
AO 4 Four Erection 


| 


When a Wille 
Leaves too oon... 


Sy 


Take comfort in knowing my. 

、 thoughts wil be with you 
as you begin the 
healing process 
of cancelling 
your credit cards, 
changing your 


On the Love of 


Vous U < ut tene. 


Fand spending hours 
on line at the DMV. 

getting a new license 
and vehicle registration. 


lace in the know that these 


heartfelt cone ght as well be 


a tuna sandw Se N 


| May You Find Peace 


In the Memories 


Your Pen Left Behind 


Its never easy when we misplace 


the one that means so much. 


May the name 


| of your writing implement 


remain forever in your heart, 


| and may you be comforted 


by the memory of the grocery 
Sudokus and doodles 
that you created with it. 


In Remembrance 
ol 
Your Good Looks 


May God's perpetual light shine 
directly upon you forever, 


BEN СА RS ON 


has J to say about the Big Issues... 


Hear what Ben Carson 


“If here is some force evolving 
to the maximum, why isa't à 
everything a humon?” On Oba : 
“The worst thing 
that has happened in this 
nation since slavery.” 


һе rain surgeon 


What?!? He actually is?!? 


poo Aem REI 
S A sekro kialj == SSAN 
= RANA! 
JNPSUCKS we Parents ime Y ATT 
AW... 071 5 | own ro (ong for the days when they would just ground you. AIRES 


Гети) p 


No one will ever swap lunch with you. E pee : — 
ЕҮТІЛЕГТІГЕ ا‎ pon want to sew FEA MERE 
| teade Ya mY PEI, bat Im pretty suge 


Г Oph bah omy) 
L. Teh. allergic te goat shank.) 2 pr kinemo] 
~~ dort You go utile and | 


* klarer?) 


‘They're making you take [ute lessons. 
(Say arts, vot | - 


T gotta vi 
| nme МА 
Я 
| hee Lost БУ 
do nemet Û Sem = 
(0 ‘They won't just get you a regular science tutor. 
=] Ir fetos st tec 
| while Twisted beakers hastand el, 
His енда will cate te pass, 


Tren hast Fasnia (mt | | ve batatas лоса gas 
trova! Cone hither fo | x Cru - 
thine “Goin Әлеге fe š Оқас bat I jst } 
5 Я eed the definition for 

Teens songbook! / bone” 


They say that a fool and his money are soon, 4) But when a fool like you is spending 8 


[C ing of which, thanks for buying. this issue! 
C————N M 
| 
| 9 untoj 
TLS OL 
== - 


| унон sese anum oer 


| 


x i . 
| SN urn. 3 
S Contrary to popular belief, ding a J 
550 bili a he Марон cashier ie 
muttering "Maybe rhis will help yon 
ee) ee 
ke more than s> (en, ut when the MCRD is coming cr 


You can get the restaurant 
n aurant hostess to 
os ger ang bave a "reservation 
тал? while coyly siding her 
A copy of Poor Richard's Almanac. 


If your movers. 
do a good job, it's 
customary to give 

them something 
deeply personal of 
yours — like that 
box of old bowling. 


TE you don't have enough to tip the bellhop for carrying up all your Poft 
bags, avoid any awkwardness by subtly creeping towards the window 
ad hiding behind tbe curtain for a few minutes. He get the message, 


= TZ © 


THE 


MADS TOM BUNK VISI 


TO THE WELFARE STATE 
WITHOUT PISSING OFF 


THE RICH e)» 


NES 


PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


[( Finally grt this website loaded. 
д LES See. 1 


Back upand nning! Just need 
‘dot 


DAVID DEGRANO. 


LL, YOURE DONG JJ] 
IF TOO CLOSE. 


THERES A PRE 
barns 
VOU GE 


ао саа 
ge Guys 


"oue | 


TT мег 
THE SIKE GUB 


On Public Transporation 


Courtesy Counts! 


Be someone who does the bare minimum to make life slightly 
less hellish for the other poor schmucks taking public transit. 


Keep the 


Sound Down pones 


Pole Hog 

Leave room for othor to 
hold on. Lie on the floor and 
hold tho pole at tno 

bottom. Its the part no one. 
usos and froos up the rost 
‘of the pole for others 


Buses, Trains 
& Subways Are 
Transportation, 
Not Dining Cars 


Dude! Don't 
Man Spread 


I you must havo your legs 
open, sit on your head 
This way your logs can be 
spread open without taking 
ор valuable sitting room 


Clipping == pales to 

er тереді, 
ELEA First 

ETT ayasa eb 


"hoy fall through, not you 


Transportation 
Vehicles Are 
Not Toilets. 
Use the Public 
Restrooms in 
the Stations 


If the public restrooms aro 
out of order, be quick and 
discret 


Offer Your Seat 
to a Disabled 
Person 


dust bo sure hey ay 

disabled. A swift кек 
io har cane wit separato 
the truly disabled from tho 
imposters 


ERI, IN atoo WE TRUST DEPT. 


OOO A A e) —— on Jahn Wie 


V $ С Ж |Q hitp:/ww.planettad.com/profile/08-2015 


ANET TAD!!! 


SUPERPOWER: CAN EAT ENTIRE BOX OF TRISCUITS IN ONE SITTING 


> AGE: FOURTEEN. 


AUGUST 4,2015 | 
So tonight a dinner, my ti sister Sophie was talking about her upcoming 
gu ida party again Sophie always gets totaly троха about 

planning her Баћазу last year, she was furious because the tableo at her 

Pony was the wrong shade of pink. and "a looks Ike, insted ol Barbie, my partys 

theme is A Salute o Pepto Bismol = 


W LATEST TWEETS 


PLANET TAO epanerrad E 
Why are left-handed people called 
“Southpaws"? Thats only accurate. 

if they Spend 100% of their time 

Fist she asked my mom if she'd made a reservation for her party at Pizza Land, facing west 

and my mom just sighed and said, “Yes, Sophie. I made sh weeks ago, when. 

you first asked me.” And Sophie sad, "Good. Because if you dont book early, then 
you don get à special table near the monkey band. and the Pizza Badger wont 
tome to your table and sing” And my dad said, "Yes. You told us this already.” 
And then he muttered something! dide quite hear, but it sounded an awful lot 
Ke, "Eg yeor old воден” 


PLANET TAD @isnetTas 
"The Walking Dead" Is a boring 

name for an exciting show. Like, 

the scariest thing about zombies 
ism tir ability to walk I shouid 
De "The Biting Dead 


PLANET TAD Gur 


AUGUST 5, 2015 
Ugh. Tonight Sophie threw a fit when she found out that my 
mom had invited her friends Megan and Meagan to her part. 
My mom sald, 1 thought you said to invite both of them" And my 
sister sad, "1 meant Megan and Meaghant Not Meogant гт fighting. 
with Meagan! Disimite her And my mom said, "ou cam site 


AUGUST 5, 2015 
Why do the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles bother wearing. 
masks? Ке not like they do much good in concealing their 

identities. No one's ever going to say, 1 think that gant mutant turtle 

might be a Teenage Mutant Ninja Ture, but I dont know what 1/16 

‘of his face looks ike, so сәті be sure 


know it would hurt their aby 
to ply baseball but hok ird be 
ool Kal the Pittsburgh Pirates. 

Wore pirate hats and eye patches 


PLANET TAD @ptanetTad » 
Someone should tell Lucky Charms. 
no one cares what shapes the 


Someone fom a party" And Sophie said, You can ty БАСЫ Er AER 
Just ther the phone rang — ñ was Meagan’ mom, alig; to say тного Semio 
Meagan wouldnt be able to make k to the party, because she 

ae Na pans for tnat doy. Which yox he wouidve mude 
Sophie happy. but instead she started crying and PU 
leve Meagan sipping my party" and my mom had to spend hall 
an hour comfort her. My dad он roe his eyes and cad. Ten 


PLANET TAD @Ptanetiad m 
Tm a ire embarrassed by the fact 
That, uni wae 10, thought Panda 
press was called that beca 


ES 


AUGUST 6, 2015 
As Sophie's birthday is getting doser, she's been talking more and more about how she wants a pony for her birthday, going on and on 
about how sheli name him "Mister Buttercup, and how much fun IMi be to ride him around. 


After dinner, I sald to her, "Sophie: Mom and Dad cant afford to get you a horse.” And she said, “Duh. 1 know that. But because they fee зо 
{guilty about that, theyre going to get me a much nicer presem thon they would have otherwise. Im aiming for either a bike or an ¡Pod Touch.” 


T DON'T 
BELIENE IN 
PSTROLOGY 


Sophie is awful, And she has much to teach me. 


AUGUST 13, 2015 
‘So, went with my parents 

today to buy Sophie's birth- 
ay present (a bike) (of course). 
and when we drove past Pizza 
Land, my mom slowed down the 
«ar and said, “Oh no. Oh no oh 
no oh no^ And l looked over and 
save the sign: "Closed by Order 
of the Department of Hear 
Which really ist al that surpris- 
Ing, mean, their logo is a badger 
holding a plaza, without wearing; 
gloves or a həirnet or anything. 


AUGUST 14, 2015 

A rough day for my mom. She tried 

al the other places where kids have 
birthday parties, but al of them were booked 
Soli for Saturday, even Piziatown USA the 
crappy knockoff of Plaza Land whose logo is 
Olly the Pizza Outer. 


“Anyway, my mom finaly decided to just have 
(he party at our house, and book an enter 
aimer. Most of nem were booked sod for 
Saturday, too, but she found a guy named. 
resto the Magnificent who's à magician. 
and she told my sister, "ie just have to do.” 


AUGUST 15, 2015 
So, Sophie's birthday was today, and it got off to а pretty good start — al my sisters friends were there, including every Megan who was. 
supposed to be, and none of the ones who werent. There wasnt realy a problem unii around 1:00, when Presto the Magician stil hadnt 

shown up. My mom tried calling him a bunch of times, but he did answer — and then, at 125, he puted up. opened the door of his ca: 

and vomited all over our driveway. Then he pulled an endless string of scarves out of his pocket, wiped his mouth on them, and said, Sorry. 

Mrs Presto left me last night for a contortionist. But fm ready to go. Where's the party” And my dad came over to him and said very quietly, 

“There's only one magic trick | want to see: You need to disappear before my kid sees you." 


And Presto drove away, and my mom said, Wel, great. We promised them a magi 
lan, Now what? Thats when I resized: used to have a magic it. and | was pretty 

good atit when I was younger. So grabbed it, took my moms black shaw drew 

on a mustache with my mom's eyeliner, nd came cut into the yard as Tada the 

Magnificent And it went OK at fest — I did the trick where you kak two metal rings 

together, and everyone seemed to ike it. But then | started doing card tricks, and | 

realized that kind of forgotten how to do them. So I spent a while with my sister's 

friend Lucy, going. "Is this your cara And she kept saying No” And each time she 

sold “Noy” ді my sisters friends laughed — and the laughs got louder and louder. 

Theo tried to do the trick where you make a ball “disappear under a cup, but rolled out from my hand and everyone was, Ike, screaming 
laughing. It got worse and worse and worse from there, unti my sister and al her friends were pointing and shouting about how terrible was, 
(NIGI finaly packed everything up and left — only my endless scarf got snagged on the table angi had to come back and get. 

Afterward, Hold my mom, “Sorry.” And she said, "What are you talking about? They had a great time! That was briliant — what gave you the. 
idea to do a parody of a magic show? And before could answer, one of Sophie friends moms came over and said, "My daughter wants you 
to perform at her birthday next month — how much do you charge?" 1 think I might have 2 new job il levant — just need to get better at be- 
ing worse at magic. 


TEO 
VAULT]. A classic article from MAD #252 Janu 


i x 9 y : 


(OSCILLATING FANS DEPT. = 


Whenever we go to a sporting event, and things get dull and boring on the plas Giants, Devils, ete... .we amuse ourselves by looking around at all the characters 
field... „which happens quite often in the New York area, what with the Mets, S^ ің the stands (not including ourselves) and wondering what these weirdos are like. = 


MARTERMHECGAMENSIOVIER à 
| 
MR. MACHO... AT THE GAME > -». AND AFTER THE GAME IS OVER Y THE ELECTRONIC WHIZ... AT THE GAME | A AND AFTER THE GAME IS OVER 4 
Ж ^ On ed E e 
Š 1 S de 
lt 
š Ga 


3 


J 


"oc 


ELECT JEB, AND WE'LL LIVE CRAPPILY EVER AFTER 


ifty 
h 


shoppers! 


р SOURCE of ds 
В VITAMINS T&A! 


URN YOURSELF 
ТО A NEW GIRL! 


вы int LI — БАҚИ | SPY us. SPY | AND 
y S GREATEST ARTISTS: TEST ARTISTS:, A 
DAVE BERG гтдо PLANET TAD | MORT DRUCKER INSIDE MAD — SERGIO ARAGONES | THE FINIS: | VOLUME2 | MORE 


M you loved the first 0 years Includes every 
Planet Tad book, you'd say by MAD: before Gores 

realy lve this one! 3 H diabolical s 

232 pages ol all-new Featuring essays by Jud Apatow, featuring 500 of Ser eren HES 


Tad misadventures! | casi vintage pull out paste! Whoopi Goldberg. Toy Hawk and more! favorite marginis ta iv 


ON SALE NOM) IN THE BOOK SECTION or BOOKSTORES WHEREVER BOOKS ARE SOLD — DUH! 


(Ду SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPT. 


3 (ABANDON TROPE. ALL VE WHO ENTER HERE DEPT. 


кетты ne a oops rm km eis De o eo 
years, political hacks subject us to the same platitudes about the election. ‚and the voters. We 


know we're asking for the impossible, 
hot ones wos ie great sesona unio or We geet tica ah e cd das an epee EU? mann Mo ese 


ERNIPRIGOJ QUOVES THAT Y 


nds meet? The; 
ente working hı 


OUR DAILY DREAD DEPT. 


MAD EXPLAINS VANITY FAIR'S 1 | 
NEW STAR WARS COVER 7 " | 


GAME OF THRONES | 


HILLARY CLINTON'S Now peop cinia me DIRECT at Ima 
CAMPAIGN титанның 


President Obama 
1 swear lo God — if Biden koops talking to mo with 
Dis mou ful of al chewed Kit Kats, Fm going fo 
LOSE, MY. S&%' 

o о 
President Obar 

just captured Ramadi...bul honesty, 

Tm too bummed about Ihe Wizards losing to caro. 

o ~o 


President Obama 
Know whats fy? Your lan dont sme any diferent 
when you're president. rHazor 

o ~o 


Basic plot involves ruthless people who will do 
anything to gain access to the throne 


President Obama 
Wonder if can sign an executive order to have 
"Tbe Bachelorelle” taken off tho air... 

o ~o 


1s bankrolled by New York liberal elites 


l be going strong in 2016 President Obama 
Just 611 days ang 14 hours until leave ойсо! Not 
that Im counting. 


&! <<< < @ 


ing to end badly for most of its main players 


OVERHEARD IN 
KIM KARDASHIAN'S LULE 


7 Ways wa Disneyland is 
Celebrating ıs 60" Anniversary 


dennis 


duggar hastert 


1 ped2 | 


now playing 
(Unfortunately) 


EMOJ BIOGRAPHIES 


Tom Brady 
DIS~O SJ 
Robert Durst 

99 9 = 
Dr.Oz 

[T3 Fh 
Brian Williams 

dark EU 


Mayweather-Pacquiao Viewer 


IFYOURE ALREADY 
A SUBSCRIBER TO 
THE PRINT EDITION 
OF MAD, YOU 

GET THE DIGITAL 


AUTOMATICALLY FOR 


GET EXCLUSIVE 
D CONTENT! 


ARE YOU 
WHAAITING FOR? 


“NOW! 


There is a world of information online — yet there is a looming danger 

that affects us all and can't be solved by these troves of data. Even the 

most computer savvy find themselves racking their brains to come up with 

Š the solution, but it seems to be an unwinnable batte. We can only hope 
D that they unlock this puzzle and gain access to the knowledge they need. 


ота OVER LEFT 


E TIME» (POOR SCHEM- 
C TRAVEL ATICS 


—— 
¢ DRONES 


най 
| (BORE. 
PRINCIPLE BoR 
| DEAD ENDS 


Now wITH 100% MORE GEARS! 


AVAILABLE AF FINE PURVEYORS OF GAMES EVERYWHERE! 


STEVE 
JACKSON 


