ШІН! 


YU 


@))) 
NEW! slin Limited Time Offer 
| Watch Sling TV Instantly for 7 Days FREE! 


TELEVISION 


NOW GET THE BEST OF LIVE TV 
FEATURING ESPN AND МОВЕ 


$ TAKE 
20 PACK 
Eas onune TV 


ADD | FOR JUST | 


HBO = — | wore per won | — 


WHEN YOU GET THE BEST OF LIVE TV 


WATCH SLING TV ANYTIME, ANYWHERE. 
GET THE SLING TV APP ON THESE DEVICES: 


Воки Pc/MAC: amazon 


with ESPN, TNT, TBS and much more! iOS Š 
THE BEST OF LIVE SPORTS, BREAKING š 
D NEWS, HIT SHOWS & MORE š 
; so you won't Миља 5 А 3 
miss that next big TV event. Eun БЕТЕ CENSUM š 
c» Ш & B 
; MAKER w š 
-With no annual contracts, bundles, 8 
| - (ғғ) 人 family ® 
miscellaneous fees, appointment w Sica 
hassles or clunky equipment needed. Ea A BE 


HISTORY 


Are you ready to take back TV? 


Promotional Offers: Free tri. 


ег ends: 8/31/15. 
x Office, Inc. CNN 


f] 
< MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 


Cheating on 
your diet is a piece 
of cake — and 
vice versa! 


NUMBER 534 


Departments ۳ 


IT'S THE LIST WE CAN DO DEPARTMENT = = 
The MAD Table of Contents 

2 LETTERS AND TOMATOES DEPARTMENT 
Random Samplings of Reader Mail 
RANDOM ACTS OF MINDLESS DEPARTMENT 
The Fundalini Pages 


11 PAINT MisBEHAVIN' DEPARTMENT 
Christie’s World 


12 TO HEV AND DIE IN L.A. DEPARTMENT 
“Ray Drearyman” (A MAD TV Satire) 


48 FAKING SHORTCUTS DEPARTMENT 
Amazing #Lifehacks That Will 
Totally Change Your #Life 

20 10۷۶ AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 
Spy vs. Spy = 


PROS AND CONCERTS DEPARTMENT 
Planning for Your Summer Music Festival 


HENCHMEN AT WORK DEPARTMENT 
When Minions Go Really, Really Bad 


26 ORANGE Is THE NEW QUACK DEPARTMENT 
What if Daffy and Donald Duck Went to Prison? 


28 IN BLOG WE TRUST DEPARTMENT 


32 SERGE-IN GENERAL DEPARTMENT 
A MAD Look at Cosplay 


36 FIRST AND SECOND PACE DEPARTMENTS 
New Ideas to Speed Up Baseball/ 
New Ideas to Slow Down Baseball 

422 CHARACTERS FLAWED DEPARTMENT 38 ITS A WONDERFUL STRIFE DEPARTMENT 
Despicable People Live-Tweet Minions The Haunting Legend of Echo Point 


PEN AND STINK DEPARTMENT ROTTEN TO THE ENCORE DEPARTMENT 
45 The MAD Strip Club 39 The MAD Vault 


Д9 SUMMER FROCKBUSTER DEPARTMENT 
Fashion Police Takes on Avengers: Age of Ultron 


53 AN EMBARRASSMENT OF RICHARD'S DEPARTMENT 
Pocket Hoser 2 (A MAD Ad Parody) 


54, OUR DAILY DREAD DEPARTMENT 
The Best of the Idiotical 


56 DEATH AND TAXIS DEPARTMENT 
Things You Don’t Want to Hear from Your Uber Driver 


ALL JAFFEE DEPARTMENT 
Another Ridiculous Fold-In...Inside Back Cover 


ey “Drawn Out Dramas” by Sergio Aragonés 


.. Various Places Around the Magazine 


COVER ARTIST: MARK FREDRICKSON 


MAD (ISSN 0024 9319) is published 6 times a year by E.C. Publications Inc., 1700 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10019. Periodicals postage paid at New York, N.Y. and at additional mailing offices. 
Subscription in U.S.A.: 6 issues $19.99. 6 issues Digital Edition only $9.99. Outside U.S.A. (excluding Canada): 6 issues $29.99. Allow 6-8 weeks for delivery of first issue. Entire contents 
© copyright 2015 by E.C. Publications, Inc. Allow 10 weeks for change of address to become effective, and include mailing label when making change of address or inquiring about your subscription. 
POSTMASTER: send address change to MAD, Р.О. Box 8537, Big Sandy, TX 75755-8537. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, and request all manuscripts be accompanied 
by a stamped self-addressed return envelope. The names of characters used in all MAD fiction and semi-fiction are fictitious. A similarity without satiric purpose to a living person is a coincidence. Printed in U.S.A. 


Letters апа 
Tomatoesz: 


NOT-SO-DEAR 
7 
5 


c4 


JOHN 


Recently my apartment was 
rehabbed and I had to box 
everything up. While getting 
ready for the bathroom to 
be painted, I pushed a stack 
of boxes to the center of the 
room. Well, I pushed too hard 
and a few things slid off the 
top of some boxes and (this 
really happened!) my MAD 
from June 2014 landed in 
the toilet! I’m not sure what 
to make of it. Keep up the тала — ———— 
"good" work, you've been making me laugh (retch?) since 1971! 


Ken W. Reed ۰ Berkeley, CA 


Reedy or Not — Let's not pretend for even a second that an issue of MAD 

is the most disgusting and damaging thing that's been in that toilet. We're 
guessing that if your landlord is rehabbing that bathroom it's because there's 
been irreparable, unmentionable, soul-churning damage rained down upon 
that cursed, God-forsaken slab of porcelain! Good luck getting your security 
deposit back, you monster! —Ed. 


NOT WORTH A CENTENARIAN 


I am 72 years old and have been digesting your magazine for many 
years. I'm expecting to live to be 100 and when I achieve that mile- 
stone, I would expect a free subscription. I don't think my mailperson 
looks at the magazine when it comes in the mail but he does leave the 
door open on the mailbox, and I suspect my neighbors see it. Hmm... 
maybe that's why they shun me. 


Jim Lanctot * Indianapolis, IN 


Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Lanctot — We're happy to hear about your dedication to 
MAD as you creep into your wily dotage. But we have to point 
out two glaring factual errors in your letter: for one, very few 
MAD readers live to 100. Studies have shown that longtime 
MAD fans, with their distressing lack of hygiene, leper-like 
isolation and tenuous grip on reality, tend to peter out 
long before that. Second, we don't give free subscrip- 
tions to 100-year-olds. (We just put the policy in place 
so we could stiff Al Jaffee when he turns 100 in 2021 
— he can pay for his issues like anyone else!) On 
a positive note, however, you're absolutely right 
about one thing — your neighbors are shunning 
you...and judging by your letter, it seems they're 
doing the right thing! Happy digesting! —Ed. 


LIKE MAD ON 
FACEBOOK! 


We're on Facebook! You should 
go there and "Like" us. Go on... 
it'll make you feel good about 
the Internet! 


madmagazine.com 


her corporate 

(despite also display- 
ing her terrible taste 
in — in reading m material)! 


PHILADELPHIA PRETZEL LOGIC 


I'm seeking advice about my 11-year-old. She has been 
reading my MAD magazines. I know that I was reading 
MAD at her age, but as a parent it seems so inappropriate 
and I'm more concerned about being a good parent than 

I was about being a well-adjusted child. To make matters 
worse, she snuck a few issues to school after we warned 
her not to. What will happen to our reputation as good 
parents if it's found out that I've been reading MAD for 
25 years? Growing up in Philly will be hard enough on her, 
with all the murders and failing sports teams. Should she 
be punished if this MAD behavior continues? 


Megan Polkus ۰ Philadelphia, PA 


High-Stakes Polkus — Should she be punished? Of course she 
should be punished, and as harshly as humanly possible! Let's 
see... what's the maximum punishment that an 11-year-old can 
receive under current law...hmm. Okay, we've got it: force her 

to live in a sketchy, Eagles-fan-ridden hellhole with a couple of 
parents whose minds have been irrevocably damaged by decades 
of reading MAD! That should teach her to disobey you — if Child 
Services doesn't get to her first! —Ed. 


EPIC NAIL 


They say you should dress for the job you want — so if you 
want to work at DC Entertainment, you darn well BETTER 
show up with some Spy 
vs. Spy nail art! New hire 
Sara Haskell landed a 
cherry job in the Subsid- 
iary Rights Department 


because she displayed 
loyalty 


CRAZED AND CONFUSED | AND CONFUSED 


Hello, or is it just hell? I live in the basement of a small 
shack. I have a long, unkempt beard with this morning's 
waffles attached to it. No job — who would hire someone 
with waffles in his/her beard? I have no car, how can you 
drive with waffles in your beard? I need a break and if you 
publish this letter it may spark me to attain a lot of goals 
like move upstairs, shave and look for a job, then maybe 
become President, then president of MAD. But all this 
hinges on this letter being published. You guys have great 
responsibility and power. In the meantime, I will be in 
basement. Need more syrup — running low. Help! 


Mark Lambert • Eden Prairie, MN 


Alone in the Mark — At MAD, we always say that if we can 
change just one life, we've made a difference (not necessarily 

a change for the better, or a positive difference, but we don't 
have time to get into that right now). So if the publication of 
your incoherent ramblings will be the "spark" you need to clean 
yourself up and move into your shack's no-doubt spacious upper 
floors, well, we're happy to help. And who knows — maybe one 
day you really will "become President, then president of MAD"! 
Because goodness knows that America, and this magazine, 
wouldn't be any worse off if they were run by a filthy, waffle- 
bearded, basement-dwelling maniac. Good luck getting out of 
the cellar — we hope to see you soon, boss! —Ed. 


CELEBRITY 
SNAP 


Ihave a car rental agency 
in Costa Mesa, CA. 
Ikeep several copies of 
MAD on the counter to 
distract the drooling 
masses that wander into 
my establishment. One 
of your recent lampoon- 
ees — David Hester 
from Storage Wars — 
came in and [ decided 

to harass him about his 
appearance in your fish- 
wrapping apparatus. 


MISSIVES: IMPOSSIBLE 


Iam a long-time reader of your magazine, and one of my 
favorite sections is Letters & Tomatoes. However, I feel 
that it is fairly obvious that the letters are just written by 
some of the lesser members of the Usual Gang of Idiots. 

It is, in my opinion, unkind to exclude these writers’ 
names from the credits. I currently have a bet on with my 
friend (who for some reason believes the letters are from 
real people) that all the letters are fake. We agreed that if 
this letter is not published (which it won't be), I win the bet. 


Simon Leek * Cambridge, MA 


Leek a Virgin — Well, we have good news and bad news. The bad 
news is that you lose the bet. The good news, however, is that 
you don't have to pay! Because — just as you're sure the letters 
are made up — we are completely confident that this "friend" 
of yours doesn't actually exist. And as far as not printing the 


names of the response writers, we simply do that as a service to 
those staff members. Having to communicate with someone like 
Simon Leek is bad enough, without the rest of the world being 
privy to that shame. Thanks for reading! —Ed. 


Addison Stansfield 。 
Costa Mesa, CA 


Stansfield of Dreams — 

When you're on a show like Storage Wars, it's no small feat to be considered 
"the shifty, reprehensible one" — and we're sure that appearing in MAD will 
do absolutely nothing to help that reputation. —Ed. 


TYPO NEGATIVE 


I've been reading your magazine for about half a year. 
I recently believe that I have found a misprint on one of 


REMEMBERI NG TOM KOCH your ads for your books. It says "Greatest Writers." 
AND LOU SILVE RSTON E Obviously you meant to simply put “Writers.” 


It is with great sadness that we report the passing of two of MAD's Conrad Liechty * Goshen, IN 


ы калы улг; Conrad to the Вопе 一 Accidents һарреп all the time іп printing 一 


Tom Koch passed away on March 22 at the age of even in this very issue! We mistakenly ran a letter from some moron 
89. From 1957 to 1995, Tom was one of MAD's most in Goshen, instead of deleting his unintelligible ramblings. Oh well! 
prolific and funny writers, contributing more than Thanks for being such an eagle-eyed reader! See, we did it again! 
$00 pages to the magazine in his distinctive come- When we wrote "eagle-eyed reader," we MEANT to write "poop- 
dic voice. Perhaps Tom's most memorable MAD ar- | shoed goof-nut.” Hoo boy! It's gonna be опе of those days! —Ed. 


ticle was “43-Man Squamish" — fifty years after its 
initial publication, it remains MAD's most requested 
reprint. We honor Tom by running another one of his THE DOOR IS A-JARRING 

classic articles in this issue's installment of "The Many readers pointed out that the May 3 installment of Non 
MAD Vault." Sequitur by Wiley featured some MAD-centric names on the 
door of a law firm. When asked for a comment, Tom Richmond, 
Nick Meglin and Sam Viviano referred us to their lawyers. Irony! 


Lou Silverstone passed away on March 9, at the age of 


90. Lou wrote over 180 articles for the magazine between < 
1962 and 1990, touching on all aspects of politics, sports 

and American culture, and is particularly remembered for $ 
his movie and television satires. His first article was a ҮР; 


spoof of Bonanza (“Вапапа2”) in МАР #75 (1962). He also 
wrote “Bats-Man,” the classic MAD takeoff of the 19605 
Batman TV series in MAD #105. We'll pay tribute to Lou in 
a special edition of “The MAD Vault" in MAD #535. 


We extend our deepest condolences to the families of 
Tom and Lou. 


LIVE AND LET JEDI 


I read the new Star Wars sneak peek from my son's subscription. 

I thought to myself, you idiots used to be way more clever back when 
I subscribed in the 1980s. So I read the old Star Wars satires in my 
own collection. You weren't. 


Chris Donovan , Albany, Australia 


Donovan and Dirty — We can totally identify with that thought process! We 
thought to ourselves, there's no way this guy is as stupid and slop-brained as 
we think he is. So we read your letter again. You are! —Ed. 


T 


RETAIL OF WOE 


Once I went to my bookstore and was looking for MAD. 
There was nothing there. I persuaded my parents to go to 


Letters and = 
1 omatoes а ) the next town, but still, no MAD! So now I’m wondering 
M what's up with that? Is it because the bookstores don't 


GOOD WI LLARD HUNTI NG like your idiotically funny magazine? (Likely!) Or is it be- 


cause someone confused MAD with rotten trash? (Like- 
For reasons we can't lier!) Or maybe because MAD has thousands of "adoring" 
even begin to fathom, A Fred Willard € fans who buy the magazine before me? (Likeliest!) 
comedy legend Fred 
valyankovic So much fun to see you in 
MADmagazine 


Annai iss e Framingh MA 
Willard was pretty happy nais Weiss « Framingham, 


about our recent Weird 
Al-centric issue! He not 
only tweeted 
about it, but 
also posted a 
pic on Face- 
book of himself 
enjoying it. They 
say nothing is 
permanent on 
the Internet — 
but we sus- 
pect this tacit 
endorsement 
will haunt him! 


Weiss-A-Roni — For a MAD reader, you're pretty perceptive! For 

| one thing, bookstores don't just dislike MAD, they actively despise 

| it— after all, MAD's awfulness tends to taint every other publica- 

| tion within a half-aisle radius. Second, MAD is often confused with 
rotten trash because, well, it is rotten trash. And you're absolutely 
correct about other MAD fans beating you to the magazine 
(although "possibly lobotomized" might be a more accurate 
description than "adoring") — in fact, Framingham is widely known 
for its eager, ninja-quick 
MAD lovers. So here's what 
you do: pack a sleeping 
bag, pillow and a sack of 
Lunchables (gotta stay 
healthy!) and go set up 
camp in front of that 
bookstore. In a mere six or 
seven weeks, you'll be the 
first person in town to pick 
up MAD #535 — if you 
haven't been arrested for 
loitering first! —Ed. 


5 نف‎ 0 26 ama 


READER ۲ 


If you had your letter printed in this issue, you better hold on to your 
beret, Frenchie — because you're being rewarded with some cool 
free stuff! You'll be getting The Art of Rocksteady's Batman, cour- 
tesy of our friends at Abrams Books; a Blu-ray combo pack of The 
SpongeBob SquarePants Movie: Sponge Out of Water from our 
buds at Paramount Home Media Distribution; Exploring Calvin and 7 5 An Exhibition Catal, 
Hobbes, courtesy of our pals at Andrews McMeel Publishing; a DVD 4 Siege 0 
copy of Justice League: Gods and Monsters, from our amigos at War- 0 

пег Bros. Home Entertainment; апа а blind-boxed Mighty Morphin 
Power Ranger vinyl figure from our chums at The Loyal Subjects! 
Write to us and have your (merchandise-based) dreams come true! 


MAD #555 is on sale August 11! 


William M. Gaines Founder | ADMINISTRATION م‎ н ESTO o ta MAD ات‎ 
John Ficarra Senior УР & Executive Editor | Diane Nelson President Alison Gill Senior VP — Manufacturing & your address, give a gift subscription, check your account 
| Dan DiDio and Jim Lee Co-Publishers Operations | rear balance and expiration dates or to request a missing issue. 
EDITORIAL | Geoff Johns Chief Creative Officer Pob Hanes Senior VP — Editor-in-Chief, = go ینوت دیب‎ сов a UM ESO AMADMAG 
Charlie Kadau, Joe Raiola Senior Editors | i ior VP — Виз! э ара сала опу) OF VAREND Бол 6334: BIg SNY 
Dave Croatto Editor | сүттен Senior vp: business g Jason James VP – Interactive Marketing 75755-8537! Please DO NOT phone, write, fax or e-mail 
Jacob Lambert A iate Edi | Nairi Gardiner Senior VP — Finance Hank Kanalz Senior VP — Vertigo & our New York office — we're too dumb to help you here! 
jacob Lambert Associate Editor | jeff Bolton VP -Piikin Plaga Integrated Publishing HOW TO REACH US: MAD, Dept. 534, 1700 Broadway, New 
ART DEPARTMENT е ороп ublishing anning Jay Kogan VP — Business and Legal Affairs, York, NY, 10019. Or e-mail us at letters@madmagazine.com! 
er . | John Cunningham VP – Marketing Publishing All letters to the editor and accompanying photos or other 
Sam Viviano VP — Art & Design | Terri Cunningham VP — Editorial Jack Mahan VP — Business Affairs, Talent materials may be edited and published in any MAD publication 
Ryan Flanders Associate Art Director Administration Nick Napolitano VP — Manufacturing in any format and will not be returned. 

š i i | AnneDehPies VP — Strategy Planning & Administration MAD welcomes reader submissions. Manuscripts will not 
Mike Loew Assistant Art Director Reporting Sue Pohia VP — Book Sales | bereturned or acknowledged, however, unless they are 
Lana Limón Production Artist Amit Desai Senior VP — Franchi: ) ; accompanied by а self-addressed, stamped envelope! 

а چام‎ a Fred Ruiz VP — Manufacturing Operations MAD doesn't read faxed submissions! 
| H 2 ; Management & Interactive Marketing 8 loesn't read faxed submissions! 
Contributing Artists And Writers Larry Ganem VP — Talent Relations & Courtney Simmons Senior VP — Publicity Fax MAD at 212-506-4848! 
The Usual Gang of Idiots Services Bob Wayne Senior VP — Sales VISIT US ONLINE! MADMAGAZINE.COM 


WEW ANT Mao 


E AT MADMAG.COM OR CALL 1-800-4 MADMAG (462-36: 


тне FUNDALINI 5 


me mmm 


A 
Requiring all male congressmen to 
grow pencil-thin Zorro mustaches 


Inviting everyone to Michele Bachmann's 
belated quinceafiera 


Rolling their r's when they argue 


Booking Ted Cruz and Rand Paul 
against immigration r-r-r-reform 


to host the Latin Grammys 


Having Sarah Palin make her 
wild accusations in Spanish 


MOST POPULAR ` AWalkin the Parkhurst» 
MALL FOUNTAIN WISHES 


"I WISH 
"I WISH THERE THEY WOULD "I WISH THE 
WAS A YANKEE STOP PLAYING DOLLS FROM 
CANDLE AROUND MICHAEL BUBLE'S ТИЕ AMERICAN 
TO MASK THE GREATEST HITS GIRL STORE "I WISH 
SMELL OF ON A LOOP." DIDN'T HAUNT THAT AUNTIE 
MY FARTS.” O MY DREAMS.” ANNE'S PRETZELS | 


" 7 о DIDN'T LEAVE 
Лери ~ МУ BODY IN THE 
ONLINE." o SAME SHAPE 
- THEY WENT IN." 


“Until wege done Fixing му narcissism, 
CAA we call it "Kevinigsiçm 7” 


Writer: Matt Lassen 
Artist: Tim Hamilton 


Writer and Artist: Teresa Burns Parkhurst 


This Issue's Unfunded | 
Kickstarter Campaign | 


END sas 


Letting Chris Christie eat at Chipotle five 
times a week instead of his usual three 


COMMON MISTAKES 
TO AVOID IN A RAP BATTLE 


Bringing your mom 
along for moral support 


Humiliating your adversary 
with a rhyme so devastating 
that it makes your ride home 

together super awkward 


Calling “time out” to consult 
your rhyming dictionary 
Accidentally revealing your 
Gmail password in the middle 
of an intense freestyle 


Sticking your fingers 
in your ears and yelling 
“LA-LA-LA!” every 
time your opponent 


Constantly stopping 
to clarify whether or 
not you're allowed 


to use swears Z has the mic 


Help Me Fund a Zoo That Pairs 


Cartoon Animals 
by Blaine Gribley 


Ever wonder what Rocky & Bullwinkle 
would look like together in real life? 
Because it's all | can think about! 


1% $0.46 0 
FUNDED PLEDGED DAYS LEFT 


Writer: Matt Lassen Photos: Dreamstime Writer: Kenny Keil Artist: Jose Garibaldi 


FINALLY, A SNEAKER BATS#*% CRAZY ENOUGH FOR KANYE WEST. 


SLEEK NANO-THREAD STITCHING 
Sure to come unraveled faster than 
Kanye at an awards show. 


STAINLESS STEEL ZIPPER AND CANVAS DYNAMIC STRAP 
Because, let's face it, if you were smart enough to tie your own shoes, 
you wouldn't be dropping $350 on these monstrosities. 


PERFORATED VAMP TOE BOX 
It's unclear what this means, but it's 
something Kanye kept yelling during 
design meetings, so here you go. 


BLENDED POLYURETHANE/ ELEVATED HEEL 
POLYVINYL CHLORIDE SOLES Much like 
Crafted from the very same Kanye himself. 
cutting-edge synthetics 
that make up 60% of 
Kim Kardashian. 一 一 一 
ЧУ 
adidas 


Writer: Kenny Keil 


тне FUnDeLini PAGES 


Gimme a Flake 


“EXCUSE ME,MISS—| HAVE SOME THINGS TO SAY ABOUT YOUR LEGS, 


BUT FIRST I'D LIKE YOU TO SIGN THIS CONSENT FORM." 


Writer and Artist: Emily Flake 


The Godfrey Report 


In Five Minutes Ago| Out 
Multiplexes Drive-Ins Nickelodeons 
Apparel Duds is: ў Garb po! 
Sloops E Dihghios £ %; jase É 
McManstons | 5 Estates. Manors 
ЕТІН" 2 Necking vm 人 


The Stupid 7 


TIPS FOR ENHANCING 
YOUR WINE EXPERIENCE 


1 Before purchasing, examine the exterior. The box should have no 
punctures or tears. 


2 If you're serving wine in dribble glasses to your guests as a prank, be con- 
siderate and use the lighter varieties, which won't cause as much of a stain. 


3 Serious wine connoisseurs stay away from bottles with happy cartoon 
characters on them, as those are usually aimed towards younger drinkers. 


4 99-cent store selections are surprisingly good, especially when paired 
with off-brand fish sticks. 


5 If you don't have a cellar for proper storage, be sure to polish off any 
wine on the day you purchase it. 


6 If your entrée goes with red wine and all you have is white, simply add а 
few drops of food coloring and pretend it's a red. 


7 Silence of the Lambs had it right: fava beans and human organs actually 
do go well with Chianti. 


Writer: Jeff Kruse — Artist: Rick Tulka 


Samuel Ferri's Misconnected Moments 


et a catdiologist im 
ar on Valentines Day. 


m 
b 


Lt was 2 great show, k. 

A pon Jarse pipe 
ae š n While daydreaming how gh the ravages of 

The implications were ambiguous. Т would reconstruct iton юе азыр” nothing pricey. 


As we passed this ۵ just off 
the highway, 1 thought of 


2۳91 customer, 


PAY-LE 


SAMVEL FERRI 


one who desires immortal; n 55 
a bold statement to stand 


Writer and Artist: Samuel Ferri 


Writer: Scott Maiko Artist: John Kerschbaum 


Phrases You'll Never See in 
a Car & Driver Review 


$V: THE COMPLETE TEST 


“The best thing to come out of Е 
Detroit since the 1943 гасе riots. 


“The hood-mounted machine gun isn't 
street legal, so we used it sparingly.” 


“You'll be the envy of all the other 
hearse drivers on the road.” 


"It hugs the road like a deranged pervert 
who gets turned on by asphalt.” 


Lo | “ ^ 2 E 
HOM TO AVOID TICKETS WIN WAZE We filled the tank with clamato juice, 


АПЕК OF THE MICRO UTES and only lost 17 mi » 
PORSCHE CAYMAN ста HITS THE TRACK y 7 miles per gallon. 


Writer: Jeff Kruse 


WORST SELLING 
POWER RANGERS DVDS 


LEBRITY: 


PRENTICE 


Writer: Kenny Keil Artist: Justin Peterson 


== тне FUNDALINI PAGES 777 


More “Up for Whatever” Labels 


“WHOA , WHOA, SOP EATING, FRED... 
I DON'T THINK RATE TAPIOCA PUDDING." 


Writer and Artist: Tom Cheney 


BITTERMAN 


Ep NS Ep NS 
ERFECT BEER FOR WHATEVER HAPPE SRFECT BEER FOR WHATEVER HAPPE 


Hey, Great, another 
Uncle Joe, piece of useless 
check out junk for you 

my new millennials to 
Apple Watch! obsess over. 


There's a big world out there, Nick! 
A world that can't be seen on a 
micro-processor slapped onto a 

titanium wrist strap! 


Bah! Your generation is so 
dependent on "staying 
connected" that you Te 

sacrificing human 
interaction and learning 
things on your own! 


You're crazy — this 
thing is awesome! 
Ican check my calen- 
dar, monitor my work- 
outs, read email and 
message ту friends! 


Ha! Even with all that 


You know what...never mind, Nick. 
If you want to walk through life like 
a hipster Dick Tracy, then go for it. 


technology on your wrist, you 
still need your old Uncle Joe 
to explain some things! 


I was asking 
my watch. 


Writer and Artist: Garth Gerhart 


WRITER: 1.0. DUFFY 


ARTIST: RICHARD WILLIAMS 


ar eps NAD 


I'm Ray 
Drearyman, 


a 
Hollywood 
"fixer" 
who can fix 


anything — рг 


except 
weak 


I'm a Los Angeles 
troubleshooter. 


| solve problems for 
the rich and famous. 
| bust heads, | speak 


in monosyllables. 


| communicate mostly 
through grimaces and 
pained expressions. 


I'm in the thick of 
showbiz. | went into a 
Paramount pitch 
meeting yesterday to 
bat a few things 
图 around. Mostly heads! 


This morning 
[| | Louisville-Sluggered Б 


a wife, kids, 
a mortgage 
and a custom 
suit closet 
the size of 
Yosemite. My 
expenses are 


f#$% in' roof. 


I'm МисКеу Drearyman — the Grandpa from 
Hell! I'm the toughest f#@$in’ guy in AARP! 
Here's the deal: | just did 20 years at Wolpole 
prison, got out early, killed a priest, pis- 
tol-whipped two orphans, held up a pot store 


We're the “screwed-up” 
sons Muckey was talkin' 
-| about, Dreary and Punchy. 
We're emotionally 
damaged brothers who 
moved from Boston to L.A. 


VA Ph 
Being brain- 
damaged was 
tough in Boston, 
but not so 
noticeable out 
here. We seem 


۱ 
I'm Crabby, the difficult, 
premium-cable-channel wife. 
These are my two troubled 
teenagers, Cruller and 
Bimbette. Their father is sort 


two agents, a | through the 


scripts 4 Word is at next year's commissary chef who and then removed a stranger's spleen! And, oh of a mystery man who doesn't 


on my 

own series. 

This is one 
of them. 


|_| to be presented with 


Emmys, I'm going 


a special "Menacing 
Glare" award! 


Heavy and Loner here. 
We're Ray's trusted assistants 
who do all his dirty work. I'm an 
ex-Mossad Israeli bad-ass and 
my partner's an angry lesbian. 
When was the last time you 
caught a combo like us on TV? 
The fourth season of The View? 


the studio exec who 
green-lit a Jonah Hill 


a big monthly 
nut. It's called 


gave me bad sushi and | Allin all | have 


yeah, | also text while driving! | came out west 
from Boston to reunite with my three sons. 
Now that l've seen how screwed up they are, 
І kinda wish I'd made a u-turn at Tulsa! 


romantic comedy! father! 


— 


i | Без. | 


УРУУСУ 


SS ___ 


AN 
I'm Tezra Glopman and this is my partner, 
Leech. Our occupations: entertainment 
lawyers. In this series I'm obsessed with 
building a hospital wing in tribute to my 
dead wife. Yes, I'm a deeply religious man 
who, every week, honors the memory of 
my beloved wife right before engaging 
in some illegal sleazeball activity. 


E Wy 9, 


In case you're curious, 
in the Hollywood 
social structure, 

“entertainment lawyer 
ranks in importance 
somewhere between 
“movie usher” and 


"back-up lounge singer." 


for a better life. We're still 
emotionally damaged, 
but now at least 
we have great tans! 


This series takes shots at South Boston, 
Hollywood and the Catholic Church. The 
Church gets slammed especially hard. Yes, 
we've made mistakes — but are we any 
worse than Hollywood? At least the 
Catholic Church is trying to correct our 
mistakes. Hollywood is still giving us sequels 
to Dumb and Dumber and Horrible Bosses! 


WRITER: ARNIE KOGEN 


to blend in 
with the agents 
and studio 


executives! 


As a motivationa 
guru | sense that 
Ray is a man 
who doesn't 
waste time. 
He walks in, 
he gets the job 
done, he splits. 


ARTIST: TOM RICHMOND 


۳۹ 


Ispeak from 
experience — 
that 
describes 
not only his 
work life, 
but his 
sex life! 


communicate much and is 
emotionally absent. Perhaps 
you've seen our family before. 
We were called The Sopranos! 


> 


tough and 
a ball- 
breaker 
but he 

does some 
good in 

this town. 


A 


МЕ 


He had a "little 
chat” with 
Russell Crowe 
and convinced 
him never to do 
another musical! 


Easy fix. | can 
deal with that. 


ЖЕТІП 


опе of your 
L.A. Clipper 
clients, 
woke up in 
bed nextto a 
dead hooker. 


som 


Thisis my 
family, too. 


You're 
a sick, 
twisted old 
bastard! 


Okay, gifts for everyone! Cocaine, 
condoms, guns from Cuba and 
duct tape. Oh, and a little 


Luke Pittstop, the 
Hollywood stud, ü 
was caught with his 
pants down in the 
company of a guy 
in a prom dress. 


I'm not old. 


You're a sadistic 
psychopath! You 
strangled 18 people 
at a convenience 
store yesterday! 


| j problem. 


Е#$@! 
Now, 
there's a 
problem! 
For this 
one 
Imay 
need 
back-up! 


It would 
have 
been 19 
if not for 
that 
arthritis 


Hey, and this is 
for you, Cruller. 


۱8۲ IHN WMM BB M 


۱ hate L.A. | hate | tossed I'm dating a 
the sunshine, a kid gangster 
I hate my life, down rapper's kid. 
I hate my voice, | | got a tattoo 
hate you, yet | love with a dirty 
you. Don’t come needle. And 
near me! Hey, has yesterday 
anyone seen my | sold ту eggs 
mood swing pills? 


Well, sorta new. Put it this way, it was new to the 
== guy | boosted it from! But it comes loaded with 
Т |! extras: weed іп the glove box, a hooker in the 
| 
|! 


passenger seat and а dead body in the trunk! 


Oh, okay, 

must that | can 

know, I'm | | deal with. 
going to going to Dinner 
have sex with | | kill some- is at six. 

that aerobics body. Try notto 
instructor! be late! 


Gotta go back to work. 


Don't lie to me! 
You're going to 
bang that bimbo 
at the beach, 
aren't you? 


Then you're 


a 


с 


When we 
were kids in 
Boston we 
were abused 
pretty badly. 
We haven't 
recovered. 


Sit down, Ray. 
We have many 
important matters 


| E š 3 | е 
LIS | 
рт 4 


It's the family boxing gym. 
But Ray is using this as a 
front to launder money. 


á! 
Vu 


| can relate ۰ 


Years ago | was 


traumatized, too. 


You were 
abused by 
the Church? 


What's the deal with 
Tezra? He reads 
from the Torah, he 


From the look of 
it, money may be 
the ONLY thing 
laundered here! [ 


Well, not exactly 
the Church. Ever 
see a movie called 
Deliverance? 
| still have 
nightmares when 
| hear banjo music! 


A portion 
of our viewing 
audience loves it. 


to discuss. But 
first I'm going to 

read from the 

Torah and then 
spin this dreidel! 


MI plays with dreidels, 
he recites his bar 

B mitzvah speech. This 

stuff has nothing to 


What 
portion? 


q The anti-Semites! 


| know 
your type. 
You're a 
tortured 
tough guy 
with anger 
issues. 


reporter 
who likes 
guys with 


Daddy, | just 
witnessed a 
double 
murder! 


What до I do? Ë 


I've been real busy. Last 
Wednesday | installed two 
new 40-watt light bulbs and 
then | scraped dried blood 
off three punching bags. 


anger issues. * 


Did you 
bribe the 
head of 
the FBI? 


| This place needs a 
complete remodeling. 


That WAS our 
remodeling! 


Do you always 
talk this much? 


Not really. You 
caught me 
on one of my 
chatty days! 


| meant what do 


Don't f@#$in' 


| do FIRST? Do | 


do anything. 
ІЛІ be right 


post to Facebook, 


Croaky's in deep 
trouble. This is 
the angriest I've 
ever seen Ray. 


The rapper/ 
mobster, 
Croaky, has 
threatened 
Bimbette's 


How can you tell? 


Bai Today is the day | settle 
JM all family business and tie 

ZÎ up all loose plot points: 
Killing you, beating up the 
tailor who mis-measured 

my inseam and maiming 

a Vegas ventriloquist and 

his smart-ass dummy! 


It's not 


n 


Ray? Zach 1 
lsthat | | Galifianakis. 
you? * 


He's 
gearing 
up his full 
arsenal of 
tough guy 


Man. That is 
the toughest 
white dude 
in 
Was Hollywood. 


I'll send his 
family 
a fruit 
basket! 
Now I've 
got one 
other score 
to settle. 


w. 


Jimbo, the cop I'm 
having an affair with. 


There's his 
“death stare.” 


Our sex life is even 
more disturbing than 


as hoping you were | 


...and “sullen 
pencil head!” 


..."inner 
turbulence"... 


..."coiled 
intensity"... 


This is FBI headquarters. ۱ Damn! The FBI has alarms 
How did you barge in and electric fences, but 
past security? в apparently по defense Ғог 
“rugged good looks” апа 
“smoldering sexuality." 


Maybe for Duluth. 


| God, we've " In Los Angeles, 


g got a weird || ме set the bar 
for normal! 


This father-son 
power struggle 
ends now. I'm 

putting two bullets 
in your head! 


I know! It was 
going to be 
six bullets, 
but today is 

Father's Day! 


You're 
making 
a big 
mistake. 


Dad's 
gonna shoot 
Grandpa! 


Your father 
needs closure. 


He'll find 
closure. If he 
shoots 
Grandpa, this 
series will end! 


Sure, Grandpa's a raging 
psycho, but he's the only 


fun character on the show. 


With Grandpa gone, this 
series is about as exciting 
as Extreme Couponing! 


My kids are 
spoiled rotten 
but they have 
a point! | may 

have to re-think 


this one! 


I've had enough of L.A. I'm 
played out here. | need to 
move to a “fresh” area where 


Shut up, Tubbo! I'm here 
they really need my services. 


to rearrange some seats 
in the Senate and also 
rearrange a few faces! 


Balance 
the 
f%OSin' 
budget! 


Pass that gun 

control law or 
ІЛІ pop you one 
in the mouth! 


Finally, we've found 

someone who can 

get things done in 
Washington! 


Stop global 
warming or I'll 
f%@$in' punch 

] your lights out! 


Fix healthcare 
or you're 
going to need | 
healthcare! 


E FAKING SHORTCUTS DEPT. 


People are constantly looking for ways to make life easier. Just take a brief glance at #lifehacks 
on Twitter and you'll see all of the entirely unnecessary hints people are recommending, just to 
save two minutes of time. NO, we are NOT going to use a Tic-Tac container to store paper clips! 
But we WILL share our own list of entirely unnecessary... 


samazin 
lifehacks 


Having trouble finding a hang glider for your hamster? Use a dustpan! 


Talking on your cell phone while you drive is illegal, 
but eating a sandwich while you drive is perfectly okay — 
so hide your iPhone in a hoagie! 


ife! 


WRITER: KENNY KEIL ARTIST: KEVIN POPE 


Tired of all that money you spend on mouthwash going down 


the drain? Just spit it back into the bottle after every rinse! IF youre: down Eo you ی‎ sipiy go و‎ 


print up some more. Once convicted of counterfeiting charges, 
you'll be living rent-free for up to 20 years! 


Whenever Domino's runs a special on one large pizza with any 
topping, tell them you want that topping to be an additional pizza! 


If you ever walk into a Starbucks and there's nowhere 
to sit, tell the barista your name is “Fire.” When they call 
you to pick up your order, lay low while everyone else runs 

2 Š " out of the building in a panic. Now there'll be plenty of 
It doesn't matter where the stain is or what caused it — nine ounces of free seats — and maybe even a laptop or two! 
vodka will completely remove your capacity to give a damn about it! 


Why pay for a costly gym membership when Sears keeps all that exercise equipment out on display for free? 


-一 一 一 一 
LE. 5 
HHH 
] H LI 


ы 
ناسا تا تست ا‎ ны 


SA 


mz 
19 


Sh PA تست بل‎ 


ТЕШЕН 
EE 


HH 
TH 
HHH 


WRITER AND ARTIST: PETER KUPER 


20 


EE, PROS AND CONCERTS DEPT. < а 
E- ۳۷ > М 
It's summertime and that two Es = =s m. E = 
مخ‎ aia اس‎ od Кылы Ñ 一 r ۳ 2% А] A 
MAD pieces ABOUT concerts! Weheldupour — _ E де ы L 3 L лды | SS NB L SL 
end of the bargain with these terrible tips for... c = S 
0 тей < TN — 


= ATA 
2-0 
A z =: 
If at all possible, bring your 
own toilet from home. 
۱ BSD. N а š eS. C r4 If the Coca-Cola Stage is a little 
НЕ Py 5 4 ЈЕ too corporate апа mainstream 
C=} 00) 3 ۲ dN E ۲ (e for your tastes, try discovering 


J | À Ма > D 2 ч some new obscure indie talent 
n ۱ | А аһ 7) : 5 over at the RC Cola Gazebo. 


Please wait until Skrillex 
has finished his set to ask 
| N Р А у him if you сап сћагре your 
Can't score а backstage pass? |М ‚ ' ihe n Ç 1 i NS | АТ ; Ë phone on his laptop. 
Try slipping past security in a | Ве advised that Burning Man / | 
RS 3 homemade Daft Punk costume. > 4 4 has begun charging for food — 
ф ~ | )) 2 j \ zr қ о МР (5% а cup of hummus will now 
J 2 У ға 4 set you back about three 


Don't do drugs! They cloud your [ LS є Й. haikus and a scalp massage. 
judgment and dry out your mouth, 2 4 i ~ 
all of which can result in you paying : 
$8.50 for a bottle of Aquafina. ае D > ЕУ жш Find an easily recognizable landmark 
YT NN VL | . tomeet at in case you get separated 

from your friends: lockers, merch 

booths, blackout drunk dudes in 

My Little Pony costumes, etc. 


Wear sunglasses! For the UV pro- 
م‎ tection, yes. But mostly for plausible 
deniability when your mom finds 
your festival photos on Facebook. 


ИСА 


Pace yourself. There 
aren't going to be any 
intermissions, so try and 
catch some Z's during one of بل ار‎ : 5 6 À У 

Kanye's three-hour rants. р d d FS T W (7777 j ^N 
^ Online ticket sales will often let certain q ws ы ~ = 4 LA 
credit card customers buy their tickets first. Ё IA ۲ x ( | ax 
This ensures that only real banking fans are š | Be selective in which bands you choose to see. 
allowed to attend, and not a bunch of posers Ж Ç ` 4 Once you factor in the time you'll spend waiting 
who are just in it for the free toasters. 2 ЕШ? E 4 in lines, setting up your tent, апа getting to the 
N x | n | 7 stage, you're going to be left with about five to 
ten minutes of actual music, so make it count. | ds You didn't hear this from us, but if 
ў 1 ۲ 5 Я ۳ < жә you let the people at the front gate 
Remember, you're going to be walking 7 / PS UR С. % ۸ : know it’s your birthday, the Wu-Tang 
around in the sun all day, so only pack your 7 NC. Y SA / о ~ ~ ЭЎ 4 Clan has been known to come out 
most comfortable astronaut boots and | | | у 个 М е singing with free cookie cake. 
Native American ceremonial headdresses. | ; А ٩ ۱ 


“Dont forget about Insect Repellent! 
(No, schmuck — they're playing 
the main pavilion at 9 PM!) 


With 90,000 people in attendance, you | 
probably won't get close enough to the stage 4 Tp Get out there and mingle! 
to need earplugs. But given the fact that попе Ё > U АИ) Remember, a stranger is just a friend 
of them will be bathing for the next three д | = [Í who hasn't thrown up all over you 
days, you might want to consider noseplugs. Tani ) ۲ during a game of Strip-Twister yet. 


тү há — é 
mE ۷ K 


And finally, don’t forget to remove all 
your body glitter and wristband passes 
before returning to the job you just 
called in sick to for the past three days. 


Be sure to study every band's discography 

well in advance — that way, when they 

take the stage you can complain about 
them like you were a lifelong fan. 


MAD /‏ و 


Includes буар 


NM ( ) x = 
| = hs years’ worth оғ 
J BS С ong Parodies, кке ә 
\ Ñ > Spoofs, twisted 
E ы | nursery rhymes 
P d and more! 
۱ Foreword by E. pes 
\ “weird Al” T 
Yankovic 307 2 
& selected by 
rank 12008» 
wyaD's Poet 
rqureate”! 


nustrateà оу Jack mn ST - 2 
Mort Drucker am N 
Mor S 


& Otner Members of “The Us ) 
N A хє а 
ss. Gang of 1339 ۳ 
id ver Las 
ON E 


Buy 4 today ~ because 


rhyme waits for Л 


ü › HENCHMEN AT WORK DEPT. 


For over 20 years, John Caldwell has been relentlessly researching and chronicling the misdeeds, deliberate indiscretions and wicked transgressions of certain groups of 
individuals. His work has cast a cold journalistic eye on Priests, Veterinarians, Clowns, Lifeguards, Nuns and even Department Store Santas. With the following article, 
Caldwell breaks new ground, focusing for the first time on a group that was bad to begin with — and now has gone one step further in its ruthlessness. But there's more. 
These fiends do not exist in the real world, but rather іп the shadowy realm of computer-generated animation. Worse still: they're yellow! Gird yourselves for what happens. . . 


WHEN (n (а). 
60 REALLY, REALLY B 


WRITER AND ARTIST: JOHN CALDWELL 


e commits one of the greatest identity = y y — — 
thefts in history and manages to hang 4 He subjects Buzz Lightyear to 82 
an intergalactic Dutch Oven 


bad paper all over the greater Orlando area 


ма سا‎ 
H 


It's nothing but dead hookers and drive-bys once 
he goes all Grand Theft Auto on Lightning McQueen 


He plants the seed For what 
will become Dexter's Meth Lab 


He plants a record number оЁ 
hickies on a spellbound Snow White 


= 
1 


il 
| 


in the Moroccan Chickpea Bisque 


He shoots a Smurf in Reno, 
just to watch him die 


.. 


к "m OL‏ ن 
š =..‏ .8 
He gleefully snitches on Mario‏ 
For having an expired Green Card‏ 


2 ~ 


=! Bottom line? Don't even bother looking For Waldo = 


12.54 ІМ BLOG WE TRUST ОЕРТ. 


eoo 25 SlapChat: Aggressive Text-Messaging ® Hamazon.com: Online Ham Shopping 


а 4 а http://www.planettad.com/profile/06-2015 


»NAME: ТАР »AGE: FOURTEEN "TOES: 10 (AT LAST COUNT) 


JUNE 1, 2015 JUNE 2, 2015 


| don’t understand who would So, today my friend Chuck and | rode our bikes up to the Shop-Mart to get sodas, LA 
ever go to Jurassic World. and we saw this sign outside: y TEST TWEETS 
Haven't there been at least three major That sign doesn't seem quite clear enough. Like, can =3 PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 


incidents where Jurassic Park facilities NO SHIRT. you get service if you have shoes, but no shirt? Or a When they were making 
were sites of horrible deaths? | feel like, J shirt, but no shoes? Do you have to be wearing the *America's Got Talent", did 


if Mickey Mouse had gone crazy and NO SHOES shoes and shirt, or can you just carry them in in your anyone even try to point out 
bitten dozens of people's faces off 5 hands? And what if you only have one shoe? Can you that, technically, it should be 
three separate times, at a certain point, come in and hop around and still buy something? We “America Has Talent”? 
people would stop going to Disneyland. tried asking the clerk, but he just sighed and said, 
“There's people waiting in line behind you.” ЕЗ PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 
The story of “The Princess 
and the Pea” is mostly about 
JUNE 3, 2015 making absolutely sure you 
At dinner tonight, my mom said, “Tad, be careful with your bike — | saw Mrs. Goldberg marry someone who's going 
at the store, and she said someone's been stealing bikes in our neighborhood left and to be difficult and demanding. 
right.” And I said, "OK." And she said, "I'm serious 一 she tells me three other kids have had 
their bikes stolen lately." And | said, “Fine, | get it." And she said, "You really need to make = PLANET TAD @PlanetTad thr 


sure you use the lock we got you.” | swear, sometimes my mom thinks I'm an idiot. If | ever invent something, 
I'm going to name it some- 


thing starting with “X”, to 
JUNE 4, 2015 JUNE 5, 2015 JUNE 6, make Serabbie easier 
So, my bike got stolen today. | rode Today | 2015 


+ 
it to {һе Shop-Mart апа left it outside walked down S I walked PLANET TAD @PlanetTad 4hr 
unlocked for, like, a minute, and when | came to the Shop-Mart ToLEN back up I think it's weird that Mother's 


back, it was gone. When I told my mom, she and put up this sign: to the Shop- Day is just a day, but sharks 
rolled her eyes and said, "I'm not even going | tevenihavo BLKE Mart, and my SToLEN get a whole week. 

to say it.” And my little sister Sophie said, AnVIBRStoSof my sign is gone. BIKE 
"What? That you told him so? I'll say it: She Dis Tha dito I considered PLANET TAD @Р!апеїТаа 
told you so.” ' putting ир If they were being strictly 


graw'it'as best | this sign, but accurate with their titles 
| lly h hi Қ 5 , З IS sign, Du г 
really hate when Sophie decides to help could. | don't think ава Рано: there моша only be опе 


out like that. it's a very good "Final Fantasy” game. 
drawing. 


JUNE 7, 2015 JUNE 8, 2015 (8) NICKNAMES 


I watched a little bit of that show “Pretty Amazing news! | got a call from Chuck today — he was up at the Shop- 
Little Liars” today. Totally disappointing. Mart, and he said, “Come quick — your bike's here!” | ran down there, and 
І was hoping it would be about tiny, attractive sure enough, my bike was out front — clearly, the thief who stole it had ridden The Beast 
elves who just scream fake facts all day long. it up there and left it outside. And, amazingly, it wasn't even locked! You'd The Tad-inator 
think a bike thief would be more careful — but then again, maybe he figured Tadillac 
he was the only bike thief in the neighborhood, so it was totally safe. 


Tad 
ThunderCat 


Tad the Impaler 


“Tie Moon 15 MADE ۱ | | 
ANE! In any case, | got on it and rode home as fast as | could. | could hear the thief (I'm trying to make those 
OF FROZEN UR shouting at me, “Hey, come back!”, but | just rode faster. Serves him right for last five catch on) 
WRIRLESS CATS stealing my bike! 
ARE ЄХ CELLENT 


VA) SPELLERS! ABE s) ACTIVITIES 


E saber dun se JUNE 9, 2015 | ۱ | : | Tad is crumpling paper into 
ECRE TUY: So, today, my mom noticed that my bike was back in the garage and said, ` balls and telling people he's 
NORWEGIAN! "| thought you said your bike was stolen." And ۱ told her the whole story of | making origami snowballs 
finding the bike at the Shop-Mart and taking it back. And she said, “Are you sure 
it was your bike?” And 1 said, “Um, yeah.” And she said, “OK...” but in that tone of 
voice where you could hear the three little dots after the “OK.” 


JUNE 10, 2015 JUNE 10, 2015 


So, tonight at dinner, my mom said, “So, um, Tad — not to dwell So, | emailed the address on the poster, and said, 

on this, but are you positive that that's your bike?” And I said, "| have your bike — when can | bring it by?" And 
"Yes. It's the exact same color, and kind, and size." And she said, “Are the bike's owner gave me his address, so l rode it over 
you positive?" And | said, "Yes, I'm positive." And she said, "Absolutely there today. It turns out, the kid who owned the bike 
positive?" And I said, "Why do you keep asking that?" And she said, wasn't home, but his mom was, and she said, "Are you Captain American American 
"Because | was at the Shop-Mart today, and saw this.” And she showed the Good Samaritan who found Elliott's bike?" And I America Horror Story Sniper 
me a photo she'd taken of a reward poster: said, "Yeah." And she said, "Where did you find it?" And 

| suppose | could have told her that | was the one who 


And | had two thoughts. The first was, š й 
cidentally stole it. 
“Wow, that's a much better poster than асе Укол "s DISLIKES 


{һе one | made. | wish I'd thought to put But instead, l just said, “Um, just a few blocks away from 
details about when my bike was stolen on the Shop-Mart? | guess the thief didn't take it far.” And 
mine. And offered a reward. And included she said, “Well, thank you so much for finding it and being 
a way for people to contact me. Those are kind enough to return it!” And ۱ said, “No problem.” And 
all really good ideas.” she said, “Let me get my purse — you deserve a reward!” 
му second thought vas "Uh-oh Because | (UA "ream дөл. And ste е sb to press S50 
it did look exactly like my bike. And it сты : f LOW American America's Next American 

2 into my hand when her son came home апа said, “That's Idol Тор Model History Class 
was stolen at exactly the time | took my 


bike was stolen from this store him! That's the kid who stole my bike!” 
peida A rice سس‎ quadro bike back. Which could have just been É 


a — ree a coincidence — | mean, maybe some- And you'll never believe it, but | told them all about 
MM one had their bike stolen from the exact the mix-up, and we all laughed, and then Elliott's mom 9 PLACES 
iin i same store where, at the very same time, invited me to dinner, and we had a great time. 
СЕ ле VD O x Tad visited: 
I happened to be taking an identical bike 
back from a thief. 


+ 


۲ 
i 
You'll never believe it, because that's not what happened. <> Home 
Instead, | just turned and ran as fast as | could, and will 

But it wasn't. | checked the serial number. It's the bike on the poster. | now just try never to walk anywhere near that neighbor- <> Shop-Mart 

| hood or the Shop-Mart ever again. | 4» Bike Owner's 


I have accidentally stolen someone's bike. 
House 


Ë Also, | will never, ever forget to lock my bike. Ever. 
And my mom tells me that tomorrow, | have to return it. 


WRITER: TIM CARVELL NAME STICKER, CRUMPLING PAPER: DREAMSTIME 


(AND PROUDLY DECLARE VOURSELF A COMPLETE IDIOT!) 


COMPLETE Your MAD LIB 


SPY SPY 


MORE { 
MAD com e 
= == = РЕЧЕ 
MADNESS fh vemm 
ont SPV VS. SPY е т 
GREATEST Spy: 
ARTISTS: MAD'S GREATEST artists:, | FIGHT TO SPY VS. SPY| AND 


T не UM TO MAD'S GREATEST ARTISTS: SECRET PN У 
DAVE BERG PLANET TAD | MORT DRUCKER FILES! INSIDE MAD SERGIO ARAGONES | THE FINISH! | VOLUME 2 | MORE! 


Six pointless 
collections, 


۹ perfect for fans 
diabolical adventures adventure from of MAD on 


by Peter Kuper! 1987 to 2007! Cartoon Network! 


Includes new, original, aros : 
1 Š z Special digest size! Includes every 
never-before-seen Sergio art! Includes 95 Spy vs. Spy 


Plus an 18"x24" pull-out poster 
featuring 500 of Sergio's 
favorite marginals! 


Includes classic “The Lighter Side If you loved the first Includes many of Mort's greatest Snacial digest ssl 
of..." strips from 1961 to 2002! Planet Tad book, you'll movie satires, plus essays by p re 65 — 
Plus Dave's rare early MAD work really love this one! Michael J. Fox, Steven Spielberg, "ade а 
and MAD artists’ tributes to 232 pages of all-new J.J. Abrams and others! Also а ۳ Pater Керегі 

"The Lighter Side of...” ! Tad misadventures! classic, vintage pull-out poster! МАТ 


From the Editors of the New York Times Bestseller Totally MAD 


RN 


Five Decades of 
“The Lighter Side of oe”? 


troduction by Judd Apatow 


۱ ON SALE NOW IN THE BOOK SECTION оғ BOOKSTORES WHEREVER BOOKS ARE SOLD — DUH! 


Sergio ajne 
TESNE 


WRITER AND ARTIST: SERGIO ARAGONES COLORIST: JIM CAMPBELL 


[e نی(‎ zí аш = or | 12۳09۷ 
z Al | ДА 
А = 


Же 


декат | e‏ ار 
4 


[costumes |р. @ 


š L [renr] 
"i c | [ ۷ Ñ 
j 5 ° ( | 


J i < 
E | 1 4 B . F 8 
E هم‎ ; | E Š >? ; 
9 | 
Z ۳ 


ایح 
EE‏ 

Гу, с 

CONVENTION 

lun CENTER 

У. d 
TP PA || : 

ESSES 14 


k УЫ ۰ 


fes] FIRST PACE DEPT. 


The average length of a baseball game in 2014 was three hours and eight minutes. And during most of that time, nothing 
happened, unless you consider waiting for a pitch to be thrown “something.” A committee was formed (slowly) to 
address the problem, which introduced a handful of new rules that haven't helped much. That's where we come in with... 


NEW IDEAS TO (2 y 


Allow pitchers to throw three baseballs n New rule: A home run or foul ball 
at once, thus enabling them to strike caught by a fan counts as an o 
out a batter with one pitch. 


To avoid that interminable walk to the mound, с 


М 


t relief pitchers in from the bullpen, 


The average length of a baseball game in 2014 was three hours and eight minutes. Yes, now more than ever, our great national 
pastime offers a welcome lengthy respite from our frenetically-paced modern world. It's truly bizarre then that a committee was 
hastily formed to make suggestions to speed up the refreshingly torpid pace of the game. So here are our recommendations for... 


NEW IDEAS TO 
OWN 


Have the grounds crew roll out the tarp at even the hint of a rain cloud. 


Relocate the on-deck circles to Section 7 Keep reminding players that a base on After a suspiciously long home run, stop 
г Of the stadium parking lot. _ EE balls is called a "walk," not a "jog." the game and test for steroids right there. 


New promotion: "Bring Your Dog to the Game and Let it Run Around on the Field Night. 
٩ ۶ Ж” 


L| 
Б 


| Em. 
Se 


š 


` 
`. 


“т. 


WRITER: JEFF KRUSE ARTIST: BOB STAAKE 


THE HAUNTING LEGEND 25 ECHO PO 


Whew! It was a tough In a minute. 

hike to get up here, but Before we go, 
the view is really worth it! ۱ gotta take 
Ready to head back down? i 


е ТОНИНИ! 
w РШ 
| mW یه‎ 


38 WRITER: JOHN CALDWELL ARTIST: PHIL MCANDREW 


РА eee туу = 


E MAD VAULT 


GOOF OF PURCHASE DEPT. 


= —— —— ae 
Wj 


For the benefit of those who have 


1 
„ MH. CAFFEINE ۱ been on planet Mars since the dec- 
(= *Wesplng America Алтаја !  ade's latest sales gimmick was born, 
= For 3 Generations" 


the ad to the left is not trying to 
pri prado ares epe sell you a coffee maker for less than 
== YOUR COST تن‎ 30 bucks. Rather, it's trying to ۱۱ 
AFTER REBATE............ 95 1 уои a coffee maker for considerably 
more, and then telling you how to get 
part of your money refunded. Now you 
may ask why manufacturers just don't 
lower prices by the amount they seem 
anxious to give back anyway. The an- 
swer? That would really cost them 
money! But manufacturers figure that 
by making you go through a time con- 
suming and complex (not to mention 
annoying!) rigamarole, the odds favor 
something going awry and they will 
never have to give any of your money | 
back. Confused? Unconvinced? Тћеп 
see for yourself as we now expose... 


Sale Price ................. $39.95 


үт» МР... Ж 


WHY 999 SHOPPERS OUT OF 1,000 


NEVER COLLECT THOSE MANUFACTURERS" REBATES 


0f the remaining 817... 
& 


... 183 will never get the product at all because ...151 will attempt to get the rebate coupon and 

they don't realize they have to take enough cash will be told that the store has just run out of 

to the store to pay full price, and then engage them—but will not return the purchase price 

in a major hassle to try to get some of it back. of the item, which has already been paid for. 
0f the remaining 666... 0f the remaining 620... 


... 46 will succeed in getting the coupon, ...12 will be mugged in an alley next to the 
only to find the model they just bought store and robbed of the product, the rebate 
is not the one qualifying for the rebate. coupon, the sales slip and maybe, their shoes. 


ARTIST: PAUL COKER WRITER: TOM KOCH 


5 B 


( 


...67 will never know if the date is printed 
on the register receipt because the lettering 
is a little too faint for them to read and а 
lot too faint for the manufacturer to accept. 


... 32 will buy more than one product offering а 
rebate, thus setting the stage for total failure 
when the coupons get mixed together and are ul- 
timately all mailed to the wrong manufacturers. 


...27 will thoughtlessly transpose the manufac- 
turer's post office box number and zip code, re- 
sulting in delivery to someone thousands of miles 
away who has no idea what all those papers are. 


0f the remaining 509... 


0f the remaining 469... Of the remaining 158... 


...11 will remember to put a stamp on the envelope 
but then carelessly leave it in their coat pocket 
when they take the garment to the dry cleaners. 


al 4 2 
ZUR rio 7, АӨ; ou) 
...72 will put the empty box out with the trash, for- 
getting that the “Proof Of Purchase” label printed on 
the side of it must also be mailed to the manufacturer. 


Of the remaining 374... 


... 40 will permanently install their purchase with 
its serial number facing the wall before they read 
J that it must be copied onto the rebate application. 


| 0f the remaining 397... 


0f the remaining 138... 


ж; 


PU. ME 
...23 will successfully grab the box back from 


the trash man, and then discover that they don't 
know what a “Proof Of Purchase" label looks like. 


0f the remaining 356... 


...18 will give the product 10 someone as a gift, and 
then face the embarrassing job of trying to get the box 
back to obtain that vital “Proof Of Purchase” label. 


0f the remaining 304... 


...52 will assume they've mailed their rebate appli- 
cation when they thoughtlessly drop the envelope into 
a laundry chute, bank depository or public trash can. 


0f the remaining 81... 


ЖЫ 471 
...65 will successfully manage to assemble the 
rebate coupon, proof of purchase label, sales 
slip and register receipt, only to realize they 
have no idea where they're supposed to send it. 


...15 will have their application returned through the 
mail and get the cheery news the manufacturer moved 
and conveniently forgot to leave a forwarding address. 


their warranty isn't any good unless they return 
the item with the same sales slip and register re- 
ceipt they planned to use to collect the rebate. 


TA 


PA 


L^ 
<4 OW, 


/ 


"7 Су 


Г) А Ка а көл ۱ а S 0 6 


0f the remaining 239... 


if 


Of the remaining 212... 


...24 will do an acceptable job in getting all 
of the correct documents into a properly ad- 


dressed envelope and then will forget to put a 
stamp on it before they drop it in a mailbox. 


0f the remaining 147... 


AURA 
ХУ т? 


...9 will prove to be the owners of new puppies 
that love to chew anything made of paper into 
tiny little bits—especially the outgoing mail. 


0f the remaining 86... 


E 
& i N > 


...5 will leave their applications for the mail- 
man, not knowing he's a grump who shows anger over 
making pickups by stuffing them in a storm drain. 


0f the remaining 66... 


... 65 will ha 
their rebate check arrives six months later and will 
toss out the unopened envelope, thinking it's an ad. 


< 
® 


forgotten about the whole thing before 


ن ي о‏ 


ы 


Most people who want to see Minions are looking to kill a couple of hours watching а goofy, over-the-top cartoon. The problem is that some people are goofy, over-the-top cartoons themselves. And when those people see it, they'll be so affected, they'll just have to write about it! 


Kim Jong-un 


, shart bürnblers with terrible 
haircuts, bent on world domination? 
I haven't felt this parodied since 


“The Interview”! 


Chris Brown 

@ChrissyFit 

I like how they clearly love each 
other, but they still sometimes 
beat the 5%&* out of each other. 
Realness! 


@QuackQuack 

Their apple-and-banana diet 
MUST be their secret to living for 
thousands of years...l'll have to 
recommend that on my next show! 


Donald Trump 

| @MeMeMeMeMe 
Gru calls his lackeys “Minions”! Nice! 
Starting now everybody on my payroll 
shall be known as “Trump Minions!” 


Bill Cosby 

O YoureGettinc epy 

They're organized, loyal and too 
unintelligible to reveal a secret. 

If they can mix a drink, they're hired! 


° half-naked, and they talk high- 


pitched nonsense...the Minions 


could be Kardashians! 


Jenny Месину 

Scien [ ne 
| can’t help but think these poor 
Minions’ afflictions could have been 
avoided if only they hadn’t been 
vaccinated! 


Brian Williams 

@PantsOnFire 

What a trip down memory lane to 
see the '68 Orlando Villain-Con! 

| remember covering it like it was 
yesterday! 


Robert Durst 

@BillionaireButcher 

Those poor Minions — | KNOW 
what happens when you allow your 
evil past to be explored on film! 


Belichick‏ سپ 

AllYouCanCheat 
Gru wanted them to steal the moon 
for him — it should be easy for them 
to help me steal a few playoff games! 


Roger Ailes 

@SpinCity 

Hmm. They’re cute, speak gibberish 
and work for nothing...slap blonde 
wigs on them and I've got a whole 
new lineup for Fox & Friends! 


Finally - —an entourage that 
would make me seem tough 
and deep-voiced! 


RANNUAUTRIBI 


PEDPLE, EVENTS 
ND THINGS 


"SARAH РА! WINEHOUSE • BRET, 
MILE PREGNANT MANÉ MO 


30 ROCK • DEXTER • IRON MAN 


І : 5 , MJ" Zim 
Y зай =a hots É: = | INSIDE: 
mA [SHATNER ONUS POSTER OF INBY'S 
u š : EST jTWITTERS “EARLIEST ADVENTURES! 
--- " \ é ў ‚ «Сүті: - meo е ly 
$i TV's 24 * SAMANTHA WHO * LOST 5 SPY VS. SPY - HILLARY CLIP 


SERGIO 
ARAGONES 


MIS 500 FAVORITE 
MARGINAL 


CELEBRITY 
APPRENTICE 
SPY VS. SPY 
WOLVERINE Ç 
DECLAWED Roger Clemens 
Barry Bonds 


=> PEN AND STINK DEPT. 


KENNY KEIL 


IF IT'S RED, 
YOU'LL SOON ве DEAD 


IF IT'S BROWN, 


IF IT'S YELLOW, 
FLUSH 'eR DOWN 


гет IT MELLOW 


eu 20 Yo) ГО») 


к A 
M 


T Y 
`. 


Гм SORRY‏ سار 
NN Im ORRY ]‏ 


KC GREEN 


A 
л 


HATS OFF 


THE 5 NSPREADIN URIATING THAN WHEN PLASTIC MAN RIDES THE D TRAIN. 


0 


s‏ کح 
= سے Sa Х-шы.‏ 


= о 
x 
u 
z 

SHE TOOK EVERY THING, YEAH, 1 МАТЕ WHEN 

MY House, MY CAR, MY MOM TAKES AWAY 

MY TOYS, Too. 

т 
ы 
ш 
z 
z 


YT ONY HURTS YOU WANT TO Ñ WE DO IT TOGETHER, У 


KNOW WHAT I LIKE AS EQUALS, AS FRIENDS, 
ABOUT FLYING KITES? BRINGING TOGETHER 
OUR COMMUNITY. 


AFTER THE RAT RACE MINE'S HIGHER 
WHICH IS ALL OF OUR THAN YOURS. 
LIVES, IT'S SO NICE TO 
BE ABLE TO JUST LET 
OUT SOME STRING AND 

RELAX. ENJOY THE SUN 
ON OUR FACES. 


CHRISTOPHER BALDWIN 


OUR VEHICLE ) LEAVING US STRANDED пију on m 
JUST DIED... IN THE WILDS OF THE 


г | {SIMILAR SITUATION, 
FRIGID TUKON TERRITORY?! WELL SHOW OU 


HOW TO SURVIVE 
UNTIL HELP ARRIVES. 


TM GOING TO SEE # WEVE GOT А LOT To Work wiry: | | THERE'S ONLY AN HOUR OF 
. SOME WHISKER... | | FOUR IMPORTANT TASKS! 


FIRST: GENERATE ( Т САМ ТАКЕ 
HEAT. SECOND: CARE OF THOSE 
MELT SNOW INTO | THREE АТ THE 
WATER. THIRD: SAME TIME! 


SIGNAL FOR 
ЧА. AND F- ALL T HAVE ТО 


N 


wooHoo! 
NOW, WHAT 
WAS OUR 
FOURTH TASK? 


NATHAN COOPER 


THE STRIP CLUB 


MAD АРР 


IF YOU'RE ALREADY 

A SUBSCRIBER TO 

THE ы 

GET THE ۱ 5 

AUTOMATICALLY FOR ALE Sa Ads 
АЕТ 

СИ = minions 


Now! 


SUMMER FROCKBUSTER DEPT. 


Sure, superheroes have super powers, but not necessarily а super sense of style. 
Vanquishing evil is one thing, but doing so while looking good is quite another. „е 
Superheroes often embarrass themselves in this all-important area, as you'll see when.. 


FASHION 
POLICE - 


TAKES ON ao АШ: 


VENDER C 


im AGE OF ULTRON 
“IRON MAMI ө 
۱ 


۲ So sad. | heard that Y | ~ 
Топу Stark реед | í «XT | Yoo-hoo! Thor! Let 
himself and now his [o Б | те hammer this һоте: 
fly is rusted shut! P ` Your outfit sucks! 


He looks like what AE A 
would happen if ' 
C-3P0 and a Sony 
Playstation had 
a bastard child! 


His is the only suit 
that you have to 
take to a blacksmith À 
for tailoring! 


Scraggly beard, unkempt 
hair, pretentious cape... You tell me: How can he 
is he a superhero or a walk on the red carpet 
Williamsburg hipster? when he's wearing it 
on his back? 


It's the perfect outfit 
for anyone who wants 
to look like a six-foot- 
tall Oscar statue! WRITER: MIKE MORSE 


ARTIST: HERMANN MEJÍA 49 


lhave three words 1 
1 for this ensemble: red, 
é EEE ( ы D white and BLECCH! í 3 
| If he’s aiming | = ` е | 7 N — i 5 1 
for tacky, then | ` ۱ kus / “< - À 1 
| BULLS-EYE! | Z ` ⁄ [a 


) 


| agree with his = ж >” 
shield. | give this f За уйке Nick, but when | look 


1] 
costume ONE star! | at his clothes | wish | was 
wearing two eye-patches! 


|| he's green is because 
| he's jealous of people |. 
| who can afford shirts! ) 


If you ran this garish 
: R 7 outfit up the flagpole, 
ае” - w-— / Ж À NO ONE would salute it! | 


| ser Hulk, but 
capri pants for men | got the other parts of 
| his arrow from, but his bd 
< | designer definitely gave 
him the EUM 


Hey, Hawk! багу! : f3 
it an't dasy Bed ۱ s ) | from The Walking Е Y This Captain should be ' He's dressed like he 
۲ It ain't easy being green — у | $ Dead called and he | court-martialed for treason | ~ just delivered the eulogy 


or being dressed like a : i Î wants his look back. ۲ ۲ و‎ 4 - against good taste! at a funeral for his 1 


PSA I 4 4 P j ` 4 
homeless 'roid head! | a = à a o. = = own fashion sense! | | 


) Ag VSID 


^. 
۱ Na 


9 
26.6 


WTF! It’s summer and | ETS 
{ she’s dressed head-to-toe in | 
| leather. Her superhero name | + 


should be “Pit Stains”! J | just can't see 


xl eye-to-eye with him on | 
| this fashion faux pas 2 


|| recognize that cape! 
It used to be a table- 


| know why she's a cloth at Spago's! 


widow — her husband 
| took one look at that outfit | = ۰ ۱ 1 
and killed himself! z | ; у f 01! Іт т assuming 
一 一 一 一 ~ Е | his face is red over 
the embarrassment 


- She could stick me 
with that baton where 
1 the sun don't shine and ) | » | m 
I'd still say she looks | / ; ` [ !t s great — IF 
like an abomination! A ~ -44 Ë á Ñ you're going for 


< ; Ironically, he’s The Vision, А 
, 一 一 Forget his outfit，】 | a 1980's “WWE 
f Even Christian Grey would 1 somehody lance | but looking at his outfit 

say, “That get-up's a little |” C that infected boil makes me wish I'd lost mine! 

too kinky for my taste У | ће calls a head! J 


SCAREET@LUITEH, 


DEN 
ЗА 
а % ж да ЫР 
<q Scarlet Witch? In that get-up 
” СМ she's more ghoulish than the 
ET әчү , Blair Witch! Can we talk?!? 
" А 


~ 


| Usually, an outfit 5 
that classy has twenty 
> Someone please let | 


dollar bills sticking out 
of the garter belt! 


| | | Michael Jackson's estate know 
— \ we found his jacket! Se 
. um 07 


(ЛЛ SILVER 


He looks like he 
just got laid off as 
a personal trainer 

at Crunch! 


p 


{ My Lord! Since } = - a 
when did superheroes 
start shopping at 


Sports Authority? Super speed or not, 


DI he can't run away 
£) from that horrible 


у 


If he's so fast, let's see 
how quickly he can 


| change out of that! | 


к= бе 4 


look fast enough! | 


It's the first time 
I've seen someone 
this poorly dressed 

who wasn't even 
wearing anything! 


м 
He'd better call 
Maaco! He looks like 
a Transformer with 
a bad paint job! 


That ensemble ought 
to be dismantled and 
sold for scrap metal! 


| loved this look 
3 in 1984, when it was 
on The Terminator! 


America's #1 1 Réturned-for-Retund Pocket Hose! 


Introducing the new and improved Pocket Hoser 2 — 


the only expandable/retractable hose with Viagra-Infused fibers! 
Pocket Hoser 2 is longer, stronger and thicker! It can last up to three times longer than 


our previous hose. That means, unlike the original Pocket Hoser, you can now water your | V 
+ 


`= ONLY WORKS ON 


garden, wash the car and rinse off the driveway for up to three weeks before it falls apart! 


ACTOR RICHARD KARN 
Guy who pretended 
to know something about 
home improvement 
опа 19905 sitcom. 


Pocket Hoser 2 is an incredible space saver! 
A regular bulky hose eats up a ton of valuable space. But one 
Pocket Hoser 2 can take up ten to fifteen times less space! That 
means in the space of one ordinary old-fashioned hose, you can 
store one brand-new Pocket Hoser 2 and still have room to 
store the other nine or ten Pocket Hoser 25 that fell apart, split 
open or completely disintegrated after a few weeks! And you'll still 
have room for four or five new ones you'll need to buy just to get 
through the summer! 


Don't know how long a meter is? Just call our toll-charge number to hear 
our "meters to feet" conversion! 


7.62-meter 15.254-meter 22.86-meter 968,000-meter 


Ра FF CIF Î 


$14.99 $19.99 $24.99 $4,216.99 


Shipping is just 57.99 no matter what length hose you 
select. Handling is only another $7.99 no matter what length hose you select, and 
packing is only an additional $7.99 no matter what length hose you select! 


40079. | ORDER TODAY! 
GUARANTEE" CALL 
есй 1-555-Get-Hosed 


If your Pocket Hoser 2 ever leaks, we'll 


refund you your money! (Just send us 
the hose and the water that leaked out WRITER: DICK DEBARTOLO ARTIST: SCOTT BRICHER 


of it in a separate watertight container.) A MAD AD PARODY 


\ 


Ey OUR DAILY DREAD DEPT. 


USPS ISSUES CORRECTED 
MAYA ANGELOU STAMP 


“Beans, beans, 
the musical fruit. 
The more you eat, 
the more you toot.” 


_ HOWTO TELL ۱۴ YOUR | 


KRAFT MAC & CHEESE 
| 


| CONTAINS METAL FILINGS | 


` macaroni! & 
cHeese | 


1 س‎ а ! - 
1€ IGIIOLICO 
| А ча = < dá = ۳ k E _ en 2 


ІШІ. ОША 


۹ 
ШИ ЕТ ЫШЫ ار‎ И ДІ 


TN RUN 
PAUL WEASLEY) PERIMAN 


MAD EXPLAINS THE | 
INDIANA STATE SEAL | 


Setting sun Lumberjack 
represents the is chopping 
state's fading wood to make 


reputation “No Gays 


Од Allowed" signs 


Lesbian 

buffalo is 

sprinting 
towards the 
Ohio border 


The year 
that Governor | 
Mike Pence's | 
mindsetis | 
stuck in 


| GET TAKEN FOR А RIDE ON... | 
ЛАРСН MADNESS | voyage eimhe || 
MARCH MADI IL SS | SS Pipedream | | 


UTAH ATING 


7 Effects of California's 
Water-Use Restrictions 


The Dodgers will now be forced to jam themselves 
лише оек. 


All “Employees Must Wash Hands” signs are now just for decoration 
Mickey Rourke finally has an excuse for showering once every three months 


There are now extensive background checks and 
waiting periods to purchase a Super Soaker 


| Disneyland's Splash Mountain is now just a bone-dry, 50-foot death drop 


The LAPD has been instructed to cut down on the vigorous beatings, 
epist inch hrs oe ие ça e ars 


It's one big Tea Party all the time!" 


REINS 
» 


THE FIRING SQUAD 


“Available to only 1% of our guests! 


Enjoy nightly dancing as 
around the facts! 


۱ | A resourceful Leonardo DiCaprio will drink 
| | the pooled navel sweat of the models in his ћагет 
| | 


First (and possibly last) 
ports of call: lowa, 
New Hampshire and 
South Carolina 


___- 22 


ae ala 


NOTICE: Ship leans dangerously to the right; this trip is not for the faint of heart. 
Ted Cruz-Lines claims American registry despite Cuban and Canadian ancestry. 


55 


жпа ۷۷01 ۷ ۱۱398۷1 ۱۶۷۷۷ ЕР Л 


727, 3M | ¿MONA ПОА 
айан! аму 24/702! SIH /( = 


aaan LSNIV2V SLINSMYT p^ ;ANVW OOL 3AVH ۲ 
3S3HL 11У — HON ЖТ 02۳0/0 61 222/220 770902 
7 AW ла SAJABA 404 S2372 
40۱۳۵272۷9 HINONGA 3^VH 
LNS304 YIAN 1۷۳۲ ۵2 
2314034 — ANNI S.LI 


is. Y —- da ~ ? ібачумазііу S 
inf < | АР va c ЖООЛЛЕРТЕКЕП 
۲ ¿SNOLLdO у = 2 
<< m. И AS под па "۶۱ 77205 LHL 
NYSY WET HL NO O2 
OL 3NVH І 31 0 


SS М MON SI 7 
ЈУН, 473279 5,11 


1۷۲۱۸ NOA 7724 1 


3 жы 7۷/75 
š | / 19۱1۲ 2*۷ 5 
~ у N F „2170134. 250۲1 4 
SM23319 Wl Ге 2 қ Sp 一 
ЈУНМ 55279 , £ M ; 
2 ia 3 E 
iNOILVIILSZANI ~) 
32/2/WO// AVINAHIA LAL NI 


*O3N/ 22۳7۳5۸۷ | S I ۸ ۱ у A \ 3W 031۷73۷۷9 ۸3۳۱ AVM IHL ۵5 А 
SIA мано ані 2 4 | 1,۷۷2 I — 4247 2NISn LON P 217,17۳ jAV? IHL NI 


š 1 * 2 
ммса 2NIXV.L ۷۷,۲ ۸ (рас پک جر‎ 403 SANVHA кан fi, 22 | ) 109 NOK SV 2/7۶ NI A321 
| I Г | «ӘМ/2/22 FIANS, 0 
D, зні. 49/7104 ANVdWOO hs. :72М94/2М/02 ANNAA = 


SAAC "ETE УПОА NOU «Уан 


OL LNVM („МО MOA SONIHL 


Тһеге'<$ а powerful figure who for years has energized the left, while consistently 
embarrassing the right. For many conservatives, the power of this move- 
ment was no laughing matter. However, after a very successful tenure, an era 
is coming to an end — and many are delighted that the curtain is finally falling. 


FOLD PAGE OVER LEFT 


THIS IS A RESTRICTED AREA. WE CONFISCATE 
DANGEROUS BAGGAGE. EVERY FAMILY 
SHOULD STAY TOGETHER, KIDS IN TOW 


STEWART 


pus ШУ 


TE TAKEDOWN | 


STEVE JACKSON GAMES 


marsattacks.sjgames.com 


Like and follov | 3 
1 Fa cebe T T Follow Gsjgames 
fac be = coils sjga on Twitter 


