YOU'LL GET À CHARGE OUT OF THIS ISSUE OF 


, Ж ^y s 
мас 77 ү. 22 
Мо. 97 ца До ада. ; e 
L] тұ À n b I 
=? / е 4 2% ₪ М T 
m 1 1 


| Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


FIRST CAME... THEN CAME... 


4 
«> 


NOUV...HERE 15 


DON MARTIN'S 


THIRD PLUNGE INTO THE 
ILL-LITERARY SCENE 


..and your third opportunity Im 271 5 | 1 

to become the "Fall Guy”... TEM 
MAINLY. .. жи и 5 

BY LEAPING AT THE CHANCE סז‎ С» М TORI ES 


BUY HIS LATEST BOOK OF 
ALL-NEW , NEVER-BEFORE-PUBLISHED 
CARTOONS! 


MAD .. _ 


POCKET DEPARTMENT פא‎ а 


850 Third Avenue CITY 
New York, N. Y.10022 zip. 
STATE ë CODE 
PLEASE SEND ME ALSO PLEASE SEND ME: 
ם‎ Г] The MAD Reader LI The me MAD (1 Greasy MAD Stuff I 
CO MAD Strikes Back Г] Like MAD Г] Three Ring MAD ENCLOSE 
DON MARTIN П Inside MAD רז‎ The Ides of MAD П The Self-Made MAD 
ГІ Utterly MAD ГІ Fighting MAD ГІ The MAD Sampler 5ос 
DROPS 13 ГІ The Brothers МАР  [] The MAD Frontier Г) Don Martin Steps Out FOR 
STORIES Г] The Bedside MAD ГІ MAD In Orbit (J Don Martin Bounces Back EACH 
О Son of MAD D The Voodoo MAD D Dave Berg Looks At The U.S.A, 
1 ENCLOSE 
50c We cannot be responsible for cash lost or stolen in the mails. Check or Money Order preferred! On Orders Outside the U.S.A., add 10% Extra! 


ТА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


NUMBER 97 SEPTEMBER 1965 


"Today's 'Non-Conformists' are getting harder and harder to tell apart!" 
—Alfred E. Neuman 


WILLIAM M, GAINES publisher ALBERT B. FELDSTEIN editor 
JOHN PUTNAM art director LEONARD BRENNER production 
JERRY DE FUCCIO, NICK MEGLIN associate editors 
MARTIN J. SCHEIMAN lawsuits RICHARD BERNSTEIN publicity 
GLORIA ORLANDO, CELIA MORELLI, RICHARD CRILLO subscriptions 
CONIKIBUIING ARTISTS AND WRITERS 
the usual gang of idiots 


DEPARTMENTS 

AGE BEFORE BOOTY DEPARTMENT 

“Тһе Rooks"—A MAD TV-Satire .......................... 43 
BEHIND THE ODD-BALL DEPARTMENT 

MAD's Modern Believe It Or Nuts ................. 397 
BERG'S-EYE VIEW DEPARTMENT 

The Lighter Side Of Employees ........................... 38 
BLUE CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOCK DEPARTMENT 

Being Rich Is Better Than A Warm Рирру.................. E 
CANNED LAUGHTER DEPARTMENT 

А MAD Look At Garbagemen ............................. 14 
DON MARTIN DEPARTMENT | 

"A Fightful Incident сеанса жа 8 

On The DBSBTE! s yy s E uicta o aa ее e set 22 

Vil ЕМШИ niae tsm peii EM bap 48 
DOUBLE-TALK DEPARTMENT 

What They бау... And What It Really Means .............. 29 
HEADLINE ACTS DEPARTMENT 

The Walt Cronkite Snow в «6: еее oui; hi mn 19 
INDIAN CORN DEPARTMENT 

"Cheyenne Awful"—A MAD Movie-Satire .................. 9 
JOKE AND DAGGER DEPARTMENT 

Зру M6: SD cor zou PRETEND eR TERRE 18, 32 

Spy Vs; Spy Vs. Spy аана aie e [o e qa C Ro 42 
LETTERS DEPARTMENT 

Random Samplings Of Reader Mail ....................... 2 
MARGINAL THINKING DEPARTMENT 

Dia Out Drama nt Res BF 
ONE FOR THE ROAD DEPARTMENT 

"Load 8, Crash"—A MAD Magazine-Satire ................. 23 
SQUADS RIGHT DEPARTMENT 

MAD Interviews A John Birch Society Policeman ........... 33 


**Various Places Around The Magazine 


MAD Sept. 1945 Vol. 1, Number 97, it publithed monthly except February, May, August and Novem- 
ber, by Е.С. Publications, Inc., о! 850 Third Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10022, Second Closs Postage paid 
at New York, N. Y, Subscriptions: In the U.S.A., 8 issues 97.00 or 24 issues $5.00. Outside U.5.A.; 
B issues $2.50 or 24 issues $6.25. Allow б weeks for change of address to become effective. Entire con 
tants capyrightad ©1945 by ЕС. Publications, Ine. The Publisher and Editors will not be responsible for 
unsolicited manuscripts ond request all manuscripts be accomponied by o stomped self-oddressed return 
envelope, The names of choroclers used іп ol! MAD fiction and semi-liction are fictitious, A similarity 


without satiric purpose 19 о living person із о coincidence. Printed іп U.S.A. 


VITAL FEATURES 


CHEYENNE 
AWFUL 
(MOVIE 
SATIRE) 

Ра. 9 


BEING RICH 
IS BETTER 
THAN A 
WARM PUPPY 
Ра. 4 


MAD 
LOOK AT 
GARBAGEMEN 
Pg. 14 


LOAD & 
CRASH 
(MAGAZINE 
SATIRE) 
Pg. 23 


LIGHTER 
SIDE OF 
EMPLOYEES 
Pg. 38 


ЖА, АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RAISE IN PRICE 


I am pleased to sce that you are no 
longer the worst 256 magazine in the 


world! 
Bill Weinberg 
Bronx, N. Y. 


Your magazine has reached a new 
"high"! Mainly the extra five cents in 
price! The rest of the magazine hit the 
same old low. 

Russell Zausmer 
Staten Island, М, Y. 


I'll be happy to pay the 304 because I 
fully realize that this boost is duc solely 
to higher printing costs. Desides, where 
else can you buy a doormat that cheap? 

Ronnie Schriebman 
Philadelphia, Pa. 


I know that many people will com- 
plain, but I'm glad you raised your price. 
In fact, I wish you'd raise it more and 
more, Then it will rcach a price where I 
can no longer afford to buy it, and I'll 
have a chance to grow up normal and 
healthy instead of becoming a raving lun- 
atic like the rest of your staff. 

Jeffry Fink ( no kidding) 
Plainview, N. Y. 


For a nickel more, an intelligent reader 
can buy "Newsweek" and get lots more 


laughs! 
Richard Lader 
Brooklyn, N. Y. 


Like the 5¢ cigar and the 756 haircut, 
the 256 MAD has now disappeared from 
the American Scene. T, for one, am sad to 
see it go. 

“© Greg Truog 
Mallard, Iowa 


Just because you read everywhere that 
the cost of education is going up doesn't 
mean you have to go along with it! 

P Harry Riker 
e New York City 


How come 30€ Did you decide to start 


paying your artists? 
Marty Franklin 
Merrick, N. Y. 


"Time" costs 408, "Newsweek" costs 
354, and "Life" costs 33€, so why 
shouldn't the best magazine on the news- 
stands have a price to go with it? 

Ed Minch 
Cleveland, Ohio 


As far as I’m concerned, you can raise 
the price to 506 and I still won't buy it! 
Marc N. Weiss 
Laurelton, N. Y. 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


43-MAN SQUAMISH 


Your article on "43-Мап Squamish” so 
stimulated the students of the University 
of Alberta, Calgary, that we have organ- 
ized a team. We happen to be the only 
undefeated Squamish team in Western 
Canada, mainly because we are the only 


We, the men of Rensselaer Polytechnic 
Institute, have seen the merits of "43-Man 
Squamish.” To further this marvelous 
sport, we have formed a team (see photos 
below) and have challenged the men of 
Harvard to prove their athletic prowess on 
the Flutney. We hope that they will be 


team in Western Canada, and we haven't 
played a game. We can't understand why 
we have no opposition, 

Warren Drinnan 


Full-Frummert 
U. of Alberta, Calgary, Can. 


worthy of the challenge and not be of 
faint heart, We ask that you publish this 
letter as a public challenge to them. 
Charles de la Motte 
Peter Schwartz 
R P.I. Squamish Team 
Troy, N. Y. 


R.P.I.'s 43-Man Squamish Team 


In keeping with the fine tradition of 
"avant guardism" here ас Marquette, we 
have orgauized а Squamish (сапа. Ac last 
tally, we have lost two Deep Brooders and 
one Dummy, who were suspended for 
sportsmanlike conduct during the course 
of play. 


Athletic Committee 
Schroeder Hall 
Marquette University 
Milwaukee, Wisc. 


My faich in Mankind was shaken when 
I saw your article claiming the invention 
of "43-Man Squamish.” I rcccatly saw a 
description of the game you claim to have 
started in: "Engineering Digest" "The 
Airman, "Analog," "Popular Science," 
“Astounding Science Fact-Science Fic- 
tion," "The Red Rag," "Popular Mechan- 
ics" and "Road And Track." 
Keith S. Massey 
Havre de Grace, Md. 


GUN OWNERS PRIMER 
1 am writing in reference to your 

"MAD Gun Owners Primer" in the June 
issue, 1 recently completed a 22-year 
career in military service, through two 
wars, to defend your right to print such 
material. During this military carcer, I 
had the opportunity of spending consid- 
erable time in various foreign countries, 
and I am familiar with dictatorships and 
other forms of totalitarian government. 
History has shown that the first move in 
forming a dictatorship is to register all 
firearms. The next step is simply to de- 
mand that all firearms be turned in, leaving 
a disarmed public at the mercy of the dic- 
tator. The drafters of our constitution 
were aware of this fact, and farsighted 
enough to provide for this right in che 
2nd Amendment. The Communist Party 
has the avowed purpose of disarming the 
American Public. Through such writing 
as yours, their cause is greatly served. I 
consider the right to own firearms as im- 
portant in keeping America free as the 
right to freedom of speech, 

James F. Lambert 

Major ( Ret.) U.S.A.F. 

Phoenix, Arizona 


Congratulations! I only wish more 
were heing done to emphasize the brutal 
“sport” of hunting, which is so indicative 
of the cruelty that is prevalent in our mod 
ern Civilization. 

Eileen McArdle 
Bronx, N. Y. 


I stand on my constitutional right to 
own a gun, and agree with the sportsmen 
who say that they are against any law 
which prohibits the selling of guns by 
mail, and wanr instead a law where any- 
onc who committed a crime with a firc- 
arm would be automatically charged with 
attempted murder. A lot of people will 
disagree, which is their right, and say that 
guns should be banned because they kill. 
May I point out that on this basis, auto- 
mobiles should have been banned fifty 
years ago for the same reason. 

Robert Fraser 
Cohasset, Mass. 


Once again, your sharp-witted penmen 
must be congratulated. Your "Gun Own- 
ers Primer" effectively underlined the 
need for legislation controlling the sale 
and ownership of firearms. Once а prob- 
lem is exposed for all to examine, ade- 
quate solutions based on the needs and 
ideas of the majority are more easily come 
by. Senator Dodd has pointed out the dan- 
gers, but MAD has, by humorous ap- 
proach, given voice to the necessity for 
change so that responsible sportsmen, gun 
collectors and other law abiding citizens 
will no longer suffer because of the ac- 
tions of disturbed individuals and other 
violators who can now obtain lethal weap- 
ons so easily. Keep up the good work. 

Ralph Cassado 
Chicago, Ill. 


Register MAD Writers—not firearms! 
John Vitz 
Bakersfield, Calif. 


A HIT WITH JACK 


"On The First Night Of The Full 
Moon," when "The Race I« On," I drop 
my "Lollipops And Roses" and join all 
the "Wives And Lovers” rushing down to 
the store to get thc latest issue of MAD 
2..50, "Call Me Irresponsible”! 

Jack Jones 
Hollywood, Calif. 


PASSION PLACE 


As the mother of three, I find it disgust- 
ing for my children to read your "Passion 
Place." You are going on a previously- 
made assumption iu your judging of this 
marvelous TV series. So you found the 
book trashy, maybe even the movie—but 
this is no reason to term the television 
serial as "dirty." 

Mrs. Constance Standish 
Bothwell, Canada 


HAIRGOO MAGAZINE 


I showed "HairGoo Magazine" to my 
sister who is a hairdresser, and she 
laughed for 20 minutes. 

Michael Iacono 
Medford, Mass. 


BEACH MOVIE 


I was going to invite you all to the 
о 


preview of my new picture, “Beach Party 

Bingo"—but after seeing what you did to 

"Beach Movies," I changed my mind. 
Bobbi Shaw 
Malibu, Calif. 


Please address all correspondence to: 
MAD, Dept. 97, 850 Third Avenue 
New York City, New York 10022 


ARE YOU BUGGED BY THE LITTLE 
MONSTERS WHO SHORT OUT 
THE SUPPLY OF MAD AT THE 
NEWSSTANDS ? 


Mad Bug by Вада! 


GET EACH CURRENT ISSUE... 


MAILED DIRECT TO YOUR OHM! 
SUBSCRIBE TO 


TRIG ZR TOD 
… AND SAVE 40¢ ON 8 ISSUES 
OR A BIG $2.20 ON 24 ISSUES! 


--------- use coupon оғ duplicate ----------- 


MAD SUBSCRIPTIONS 
850 Third Avenue 
New York City, N. Y. 10022 


Your ridiculous plug was just watt | needed 
to jolt me into taking cash from my bank volt 
where | socket! | just couldn't re-fuse! With 
today's electrifying headlines, MAD's light 
reading is a welcome insulation! More power 
to you! Now, I'll probably get amps In my pants 
—waiting for each issue to arrive at my shock! 


O | enclose $2.00.* Please enter my name on your sub- 
scription list, and mail me the next 8 issues of MAD 


ПІ enclose $5.00."* Please enter my name on your sub- 
scription list, and mail me the next 24 issues of MAU! 


NAME 
ADDRESS 
CITY 


STATE Zip Code 


“Оле ЗА, $2.50, **Ounide U.S.A., $6.25. 
Месо allow 8 weeks for your subscription to be processed. We 
cannot be responsible for cash lost or stolen in tho mails 
Check or Money Order proferred. 


PUBLIC NOTICE 


Golly, we wish the public would notice these ri- 
diculous little ads offering full-color portraits of 
Alfred E. Neuman, MAD's “What—Me Worry?” kid, 
for 25¢ each (3 for 50¢). Then, maybe somebody 
would mail money to: MAD, Dept. “What—Color?”, 
850 Third Avenue, New York City. New York 10022 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BLUE CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOCK DEPT. 


MAD, consumed with guilt, feels that it owes something to 
lovable ol’ Charlie Schulz, the creator of "Peanuts". Two 
of his very successful books: "Happiness Is A Warm Puppy" 
and ^/ Can Use All The Friends ! Can Get” were the inspira- 
tion for two very successful MAD satires: "Misery Is A 
Cold Hot Dog" and “I Got All The Finks | Need". So now, by 
way of returning the favor, and since turnabout is fair 
play, we are publishing the following article in hopes that 
it will inspire Mr. Schulz to write another successful book. 


Being rich is having someone else put 
things back where you got them from. 


t 
XX 


Being rich is getting clothes 
you don't have to grow into. 


all the Bubble Gum you want 
just to get the Trading Cards. 


Being rich is being able to afford to have 
your neighborhood bully taken care of. 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Being rich is never being told 


Being rich is having all the wood you nee 


to save your money for a rainy day. 


Being rich is not having 
to sneak food to your dog. 


d to build things. 


ETTER ` 
UPPY ғ 


ARTIST & WRITER: AL JAFFEE 


RICH 15 


Being rich is not having to change your I Being rich is having parents who 
clothes before you can go out and play. buy all your Girl Scout Cookies. 


| 


за ffi «iri | Being p т getting 


scolded for losing things. 


Being rich i is not getting one Being rich is getting a reward for Being rich is having a Daddy who can 
single useful or practical gift doing something that every other take you places, even during the day 
for Christmas or your birthday. kid has to do for nothing. in the middle of the week. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


| Being richis getting brand пон clothes when you need Being rich is always getting sandwiches 
them, even though you have lots of older sisters. with the crusts cut away. 


Being rich is being able to lend money to all 
your pals without worrying about getting it back. 


ў Š e ЖЙ 
Sms s 


чш; LEA) ub o 
= AU 2447 
ж”. 4 MV 
= ככ‎ + + 
2 š z Being rich is owning a ball 
Being rich is having someone to for every kind of game 
take care of your kid sister. so you won't be left out. 


ix = 


Being rich is getting every Sunda | | 
6 трева Дана thet has. לזא‎ Being rich is visiting your Father's office and not worrying how you behave. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


RES 23 w se У # у / (В : = / ^ 
ай. А p. 
- g ri borrowing on 
she ИА Ve next week's allowance and your 


Being rich is breaking all your toys right after Christmas, and no one caring. parents never remembering it. 


Being rich is having all the pets you want 
and not having to take care of them. 


xt >< 


Being rich is having parents who worry if you got hurt Being rich is leaving food on your plate and not getting 


even when you accidentally break something expensive. a lecture about how people are starving in Europe. — ; 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART I 


Gad! It's my husband! He's apparently 
fallen out of the window, and now he's 
hanging on with only two fingers! 


FRIGHTFUL яр 
INCIDENT 


When | give the signal, raise 
the window, and I'll catch him! VN 


ЖА, АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


- PERSE e = 3 AU 
INDIAN CORN DEPT. А „Що вен Ч 


А NEW TREND IS DEVELOPING IN "WESTERN MOVIES" THESE DAYS... A TREND WHICH 
IS MAKING IT HARDER THAN EVER TO TELL THE HEROES FROM THE VILLAINS. ALL OF 
A SUDDEN, FILM-MAKERS ARE TAKING A LONG (AND DIFFERENT) LOOK AT THE INDIAN, 
AND "MOVIES ARE REDDER THAN EVER"! BUT WE'LL LET YOU SEE FOR YOURSELF AS- 


MAD GOES TO A SCREENING OF 


pio 
poro. 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER WRITER: LARRY SIEGEL 


Hello, there! I'm John Furd, the immortal director Hcy, Charlie! 


of such classic Western Movies as "Stagecoach" and What are you But, Mr. Furd! This is the only sensitive or: 5, 
“Fort Apache”! Today, Га like to show you a cinema ff showing THAT and intelligent film on intolerance I could how to hurt 
triumph ... a sensitive and intelligent film which picture for? find here in the projection room! The only an immortal 
depicts the White Man's intolerance toward a other movie 1 see here is that latest bomb director. 
minority group! аа YOU made called “Cheyenne Awful"... don't you! 


EI Okay, Charlie, roll it! 


THE "АА 
DEFIANT 
ONES 


STARRING: I 
TONY SIDNEY 
CURTIS POITIER 
pu dace. 


= 


СЕ : 
ғы) The Герою of this movie will be to show how the Indians 
E A Е L USA have been exploited and cruelly treated by the White Men. 
M АА As the picture opens, we see the last of the Cheyenne Tribe 


ча waiting for the Americans to give them back their homeland! 
x 1% 


STARRING 
{in alphabetical order) If there's — - - Like | said—if 
Richard WIDEMARK па и | Notice how the Director gave there's one thing | 

ca and, the five leading Indian roles can’t stand, it's 
Carol BABYDOLL it's being lo three Spaniards, an American || being exploited by 
Sal MEANIO exploited || and an Italian, while we REAL the White Man! 
Gilbert ROLANDO by the Indians play crummy extras! —. 
Ricardo MENTALBLOCK Дни 

< / 

Delores DEL DELORES ! 
Victor GORY 2276. 4 p E 
Karl MALTED AND ==” AND AND 


Patrick WAINE James STEWED Edward G. ROBINHOOD 


IMPORTANT HISTORICAL NOTE: THESE NAMES ARE LISTED IN 
ALPHABETICAL ORDER ACCORDING TO THE INDIAN ALPHABET! 


Richard Widemark plays Capt. Tom Arches, and, in ще / Y Naturally, you can't show sexy love scenes involving 
interests of good taste, I hired Carol Babydoll . . . a 2 а Quaker. so I developed ап adorable clean gimmick 

fresh from “The Carpetsweepers" and а nude layout תו‎ 2 for Capt. Arches to express his love—a blackboard! 

"Playguy Magazine" to play the Quaker school teacher! š ум 


Look, here's 


2 


Let's see; Since “) love you more than life itself” 


It «ure is You call . and “I think of you with my every breath” are an apple! 
surprising to see Haven't | POSINE nude independent clauses, you should put a comma before | What do you 
you as a prim you for Playguy awful lot of "ала"! And since “те” is the objective and not the say we just 
Quaker, Carol, after | heard? Magazine red-blooded nominative case, it should read "you and l” instead 
all those sexpot I've turning to urban American of ‘you and те"! You get a 78 in Composition, aB 
roles you've been turned religion? males consider in Grammar, a C in Penmanship and— 
playing! to it then 
religion! BIBLE: 


A ` Love You 
than Life. MG | 
Think ak you + LUCEY 
4 тед. Ма doit you 


Ael. m E ge ANAAULÆ . 


Actually, Í was as confused making the film as the audience will And sometimes 1 have the Indians talk "English"... 
be when they see it! Sometimes I have the Indians talk "Indian"— ~Ü 6 


Umma valloo 


- 
| Geegoo Americans double-cross Indians, School 


| muggah! || unga ubbah She said, Teacher! Indians go back to homeland PH go! But 
boovoo oovoo For this themselves, School Teacher! You come please don't 

role, | with us to teach children, School call me “School 

had to make Teacher"! It's 


Teacher? What you say, School Teacher? 
a comeback?" . 


1 
Б еі sa formal! 


Goodbye, Officer of the Yellow Hair! 
Goodbye, Sergeant of the Foul Mouth! 
Goodbye, Major of the Smoking Cigar! 
Goodbye, Friendly Army Horse of the 
Matted Mane! Goodbye, Fred... 


That's the 
mountain 


Mugumba ughum 
forked tongue 
y palabras 
vummbah ole! 


Oobah tonto 
many-many 
buffalo de 

keemo-savvy 

desi arnez! 


What are they 
talking—"'Indian'* 
with an “American” 
accent, or “English” 
with an Indian 
accent? 


Actually, they're | 
talking ''Indian- 

English” with a 
Spanish accent! 


À. Va LA | " 
TRAD 006 by E.C. Publ 


Patrick Waine, flushed with defeat from his recent 
failure in "At The Alamo," plays the hot-hcaded Lt. 


x 
1 want you to pay particular attention to this next 
Scat. When I first saw this boy's test for the part, 


Ги ] 
"Uwe. historic movie scenc- with Sal Meanio playing the 
(б | young Indian Brave, “Torn Shirt"—bccausc in it, I 
«ә; express all of my compassion for Ше poor Indians! I was so affected that there were tears in my eyes! 
=o, \ 3 
. Okay, Duke! 


I don't dig it, Sal! In what way is Mr. He's not OWW! OUCH! Oooh . . 
Furd expressing all of his compassion letting OKAY! I'll hire your son for the 
role! Okay, l'Il hire him! Ooohh!! 


for the poor Indian with this scene? 


| am dying, my sons! I have chosen you, Dull Spoon, to 


Give me 
the bundie! 


I can prove I'm 
Dull Spoon! ! have 
a Spanish accent, 

and the Make-up 


I can't tell 
those two guys 
apart! They're 
as bad as 
Chinese Waiters! 


take my place and lead the Tribe! Here is the Sacred 
Bundle! Guard it with your life! It contains all of lam 
the secret documents of the Cheyenne Indians . . three Dull Spoon! 
pair of dirty socks, four handkerchiefs, two sweat- 
shirts апа... Ooops! Wrong bundle! 


Man gave me a big, 
crooked nose! 


That's the Laundry Bundle! HERE is the Sacred Bundle! 


= > 


And now, about here, comes the 
part that both critics and film 
fans alike will unanimously agree 
is the strongest and best 15 
minutes of the picture... 


This next scene is bound to win me an Oscar in the category of "Confusion in a Color 
Film." It'sa pointless card game sequence which not only destroys thc image of Wyatt 


Earp as an outstanding Western hero, but of Jimmy Stewed as an intelligent actor as well! 


: iut 
Aren't you at Why? Just because А Д My money's 
all worried now they've got ` on the 
about the Colavito? They still “un 
Indians, Wyatt? need pitching! SR 


А j 1 | ей) ы” іт Lett 
4 ec За E LUE 
= Өзен ee S| aE: 
>" FR BD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publicat 


The Cheyenne give up their trek and decide to surrender to the Americans 2-- | Italked Karl out of changing his name for the film, 
at Ft. Robinson. I remember when I first asked distinguished actor Karl Y. and after we saw the first “rushes” of the picture, 
Malted to play the part of Capt. Weasel, the Commander of the Fort... 7 the Producer had to talk ME out of changing MINE! 


I read the script of your movie, John, Two, you let You let 

and to save embarrassment, I'll play me disguise |М... me change 
in it on three conditions: One, you my face with my name 

let me disguise my voice with a thick a big, bushy Okay! to Buddy 


German accent . . . moustache . . 7а Fbsen! 


condition? ] 4 


Listen, mein Indians, | don't vant to lock you hup! 
I am a good Cherman-American officer! | am merely 
following orders! But zis | promise you—l vill 
treat you very kind! All Chermans are very kind! 

E - ÿ RES TT 


Oh—jahvohl! | almost forgot! All Jewish Indians— 
line up outside for showers . . . 


М After being imprisoned in a dark and unheated warehouse, the 
Indians finally break out and a bloody battle takes place . . . 


LEPAL = LA 


Has authority been 
sufficiently obeyed, 
sir? | ask you—has 

it? Huh? Huh? Has it? 


Why do you want 
me to shut up? Is 
it because you 
can't face the 
truth? 


No, | want you to 
shut up because 
you're a rottener 
actor than your 

father even! 


Why is thís scene any different 
than the usual Indian battle scene? 


Now for the amazing character transformation of Lt. Scat, ( E A Then, I decided that the character transformation was too fast! A time- 
the Indian-hater, I originally shot the scene this way— жы” lapse was necessary in order for Lt. Scat to realistically change from an 
Indian-hater to an Indian-lover. So this is how I re-shot the scene— 


1 nate the dirty rotten Redskins! | despise the ground 


they walk on! The only good Indian is a dead Indian! Of I hate the dirty Of course, they're I don't Can't you 
course, they're human beings like the rest of us, and rotten Redskins! human beings like the understand! see, idiot! 
now that I've thought about it, I've decided that I love | despise the rest of us, and now That's the Two 
(| them all dearly! So come back, poor mistreated Indians, | ground they walk || that I’ve thought about || same speech balloons! 
on! The only it, I've decided that as the last TWO 
good Indian is I love them all dearly! one! Where's || BALLOONS! 
a dead Indian! So come hack, poor the 
But—but— mistreated Indians and 


time-lapse? 
let me kiss your = 
weather-beaten cheeks! 


6 
AYY. E 7 
ЖАЛТ Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


Give me the Secret р == 
Bundle! | am Chief! 


Okay, men—we're ready 
to blast those Redskins 
to bits, and nothing can 
save them! Get ready 


Sir—look! Off 
in the distance! 
It's the U.S. 
Cavalry—to 
the rescue! 


Hmmm! Here is the Sacred 


Well, II No, he's 
be—Edward Why doing a Bundle of the Cheyenne 
G. Robinhood | not, Sir? || TV “Coffee Tribe! | understand it 
can't make Another || Commercial’! contains important secret 
Indian Indian documents! | 
uprising? wonder what they are!? 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by 


WU 


Waine about breaking up our life-long friendship! Enjoy the rest of t 


The cave is surrounded || You are 


Hold it, men! Don't shoot 
the Indians! This gentleman 
with me is the Secretary of 
the Interior! lle has orders 
from Washington to save the 
Cheyenne and give them back 


And now, while the Cheyenne are hiding out in a cave, I must leave you. I have to see John 
he picture, folks . . 


- 


No—you аге |“ 
Chief! Chief! 


Hey! What happened 
to Edward G. 
Robinhood who plays 
the Secretary of the 
Interior!? 


Message 
for you, 
Sir! 


their homeland! 


Headquarters Tepee 


CHEYENNE 
Big Rock. Arizona INDIAN TRIBE 


or many noons youh 1 
our films аз hateful savages. Rosa in 
, 


roalize that we w ^ 
ig ere really not 50 
рет , and that perhaps it was xou who VLA tor 


This is Okay with us. If you want to 


make our liv, 
objections. Өз а little easier, we have no | 
7 
( 
За 


However, do us 
ona fa 
nns ашу more movies Tiko. na you plan on 
don! ch show US as "good yenne Aw- 
992-41 Believe us, wale guys" please 
bad цуз"! much rather be 


So from now 
ü 0 on, portr. i 
е old type Westerns, runnine around à 
n 


rankly, those pictu 
r 
г ПЕ tous than thig ones eset 688 


Very truly yours, 
Big Tree À 1222 
4 


BT >s 
/1s CHIEF OF CHEYENNE TRIBE - 
=> 


E.C. Publications, Inc. - 


CANNED LAUGHTER DEPT. 


A MAD LOO 


ЖА ЖТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ARTIST & WRITER: SERGIO ARAGONES #3 


0 То 


M | | 


LE À сата E срв 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART | 


NNUS. 26 асай 
HEADLINE ACTS DEPT. ל‎ = ox RER iun, Vs. 
The fiercest struggle in the world today is not taking place in Vietnam or Cyprus or the Congo. It is 
taking place on our TV sets every weekday evening. That's when Walter Cronkite of CBS locks horns 
with NBC's Huntley and Brinkley in “The Battle of the Newscasters.” It's been an uphill fight for 
Cronkite. Huntley and Brinkley throw in lots of quips and funny observations, and this makes the 
Cronkite show seem dull. Obviously, Walt should make his news shows more entertaining. If he were 
smart, he'd borrow the style of the greatest TV Showman of them all—Ed Sullivan. Let's take a look 
at what might happen if Walter Cronkite were to follow the Sullivan approach as MAD presents... 


THE 


. WALT CRONKITE 


ARTIST: JACK RICKARD WRITER: FRANK JACOBS S = OW 


Good evening, * Hello there. my little chickadees! We have a really big shew 


А * D ? i 
ladies and š on our stage tonight: That great comedy team from Havana, the очон зау Мәмен шше 


/ Six Germans l hi i "Wal 
redes | Castro Brothers—the Security Council Singers from the U.N. An Ven wuerde 5 pus pee 
Tonight—live Three acrobatic defectors from Bulgaria—and—please hold your Yes, we've got h Bi N š ся 
from New York— applause making their debut on our really big stage—six new |265, we ve got the Big News for you! 


THE WALT % African Nations! But first—let’s open our show with "TODAY'S кр peri hiding : 
CRONKITE SHOW! HEADLINES”, presented by the CBS Singing Newsboys . . , Har ruschev is hiding in Spain! 


gentlemen! 


And here he is— | Reasoner, Bob Trout, Roger Mudd and Mike Wallace! Y Eight Vietnamese catch a jungle disease 
Walt Стопкиен | e When they seize a Chinese passing through! 
AB yu n: And here they are... Yes, we've got the Big News for you! 


ЖУ / А 


хо 
7 
hy 


"Sung to the tune of "| Get A Kick Ош Of You" 
בו‎ del w a3. 


We've got the news about L.B.J. 

And all che things that puzzle ‘im! 
We've got the news about Cassius Clay 
And why he's now a Black Muslim! 


P 


Russia unveils a new plane! Em 
We say it spies as it flies through the skies, 
But the Kremlin denies that it's true! 


Yes, we've got the Big News for you! 


And now, let's welcome that musical trio 
who have kept the Republicans rocking 
for the past twenty years—a big hand for 
The G.O.P. Three—Tom, Dick and Barry! 


We hoped 10 possess 

( Yehyeh-yeh! ) 

A White House address! 
(Yeh-yeh-yeh!) 

Instead we're now 
Three Sad Losers! 


Ж Those Democrats win 
(Yeh-yeh-yeh!) 
While we can't get in! 
(Yeh-yeh-yeh!) 
You're lookin' at 


| "Sung to the tune of "My Blue Heaven" 


— me Td 


It's tough to lose 


Tom Dewey and me! 
And Barry makes three! 


We'd win, you see, 


Could run with Ike! M 


DA C 


Together we're 
Three Sad Losers! 


First, let's have a hand 
for that colorful dictator 
who's knocking 'em dead 
every day in his native 
Spain . . . Generalissimo 
Franco! Stand up and take 
a bow, Frankie... 


E 


Thank you! Thank 
you! The G.O.P. 
will be back 
again in 4 years 
with the same 
old song! 

₪ 


In our audience 
tonight are many 
celebrities . . . 


Arabia, who's here 
with 58 wives, 12 
bodyguards and 3 
vice-presidents of 
Standard Oil! 


| Say hello to the people, Hubert! 


Hello! 

| How is everything on Capitol Hill? 
All right! All right? 
All right! All right! 


Neat, let's hear it for 
King Feisal of Saudi 


Copyright © 2006 by 


We've been getting a lot of 
letters asking us to bring 
back President Johnson and 
his little friend, Hubert! 
Well, tonight, you're in 
luck! So let's switch to 
Washington, 0.C.—and take 
it away, President Johnson— 


And finally, let's all 
welcome those two funny 
comics without whom this 
program would never have 
come about—Chet Huntley 
and Dave Brinkley! 
Nice to have you here 
tonight, fellows . . . 


Now that you are Vice-President, how 
do you like presiding over the Senate? 


{ do just like you tell me! 


1 sit in the big chair... Yes! 

And | pound the big gavel... ‘Yes! 

And | recognize all the Democrats! Yes! 
And | ignore all the Republicans! Very good! 


i a Y‏ א 
E.C. Publications, Inc.‏ 


Today, Mr. President, ! bring you a š | Ah, Senator Dirksen is in the box! it is good to be out of the box! 
: ° : 
| gift from the Senate! Open the bozi / You bring me a nice gift, Hubert! (want you to do וו‎ 


Gift is all right? All right! What kind of a favor? 
All right! All right! ` : I want you to vote for the housing bill! 


Itistoo bad yes, especially since | זו‎ looks like Senator Dirksen will And now, let's turn to the world of Sports! 
that Senator if he votes for the | vote for the housing bill after all! This year. Baseball has a brand new act! 
Dirksen уо housing bill, the {Shall | take him back to the Senate? | | Yogi Berra has left the Yankees and is back 
come out o Government will give A r with his old buddy, Casey Stengel! So let's 
the box! his State ten billion | иу Е Vai nere 5 i give a really big welcome to that Dazzling 
dollars in defense p'ay uci Diamond Duet—Casey Stengel and Yogi Berra! 
contracts! 


and Linda Bird! AN right? 


Ж I was hired by the Yankee team! | Though the Yanks Years ago, Well, that's it for tonight, 

I made sure the ballclub reigned supreme! | Pulled the rug out, I was back there! ladies and gentlemen! Tomorro 
| Now Í find that it was all a dream! — You've a place And I, too, night, we'll have another 
{т wonder why? 1 wonder why? — In our dugout! Got the sack there! r-r-really big shew! Col. Nasser 
5 = =" Over here, "Cause they said will be on our stage with his 


Thad pitching that was no darn good! 
Still we topped the league like Yankees should! x 
+ Then they told me I was not their guy! It's a shame 5 > š 
> 1 > mmy Hoffa, will work his way 
E got - 1 שש‎ , M iis ter fired! out of twelve Federal Indictments 
ца WAY 2 But relax— ... while handcuffed . . . 
< You've been hired! я я 
And this year, 
Ulcers you won't get! 


Baseball's fun to play! I was old and gray! | trained coma, Omar... - 


Then, that famous escape-artist, 


Juan Peron will introduce a new 
| Argentine tango . . . and finally, 
for the first time on any stage 
Though we're in no 

pennant race; 
Though we're always 
A in last place: 


4 = You won't care— 


*Sung to the tune of “You're Just In Love" 


th 
à aL BAAD Copyright © 2006 = E C. Publications, Inc. 


ey «uz» қ =< ШАША 
ONE FOR THE ROAD DEPT. з [ie 
И takes thousands of nuts to put a car together, 


but it only takes one nut to s i 
5 E Г catter a car all 
over the road. This article is dedicated to the thousands of nuts who put cars together—and then 


scatter them all over the road. Mainly, here is our version of the type of magazines they read: 


CUSTOMIZE YOUR "66 MUSTANG INTO А '89 DODGE FOR LESS THAN $16,000 | 


LOAD с CRASH 


THE HIGH INSURANCE RISK’S MAGAZINE 


NOVEMBER 1965 | 3/6 IN ENGLAND 604 IN CANADA 


- 


) Zhe o jan ד‎ 
Gü ההש‎ 
" > i 
k, 


ДШ" mi 


Қозы 


Tooling Through Mexico in the new Finsta Potra Z-B 
9.716 M.P.H. AT SEBRING ON A SOUPED-UP MASSEY-FERGUSON TRACTOR 
SHORT-SHORT FEATURE: THE KAISER-FRAZER ERA IN AMERICAN MOTORING 
I Flunked My Driver's Test In a 340 HP Ferrari 
EXTREMELY SHORT-SHORT FEATURE: THE EDSEL ERA IN AMERICAN MOTORING 
THINGS TO COME: A SNEAK PREVIEW OF THE 1966 CADILLAC MAIL TRUCK 
Is The "29 Essex A True Classic? + Getting Car Sick In An Alfa-Romeo 


ARTIST: GEORGE WOODBRIDGE WRITER: TOM KOCH 


23 
RID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


WHAT'S NEW 


THE LATEST FROM MOTORDOM'S MARKETPLACE 


Im : EN 1 >> = 


The Classic Marmon V-16 in kit form is the latest offering of Monstrous Motor 
Models, Racine, Wis. No auto enthusiast will want to pass up the chance to 
create his own replica af this famous vintage machine. Scaled down to parts 
too small to be per dr by human fingers, it's the ideal gift for driving Dad 
atives out of their minds. 


or other annoying re Price $4.98 


The Copy Cat Manufacturing Co. of Sarasota, Fla., has begun production of 
authentic full size replicas of the fabulous Model T. An ideal attention- 
getter for all business and promotional purposes, the modern version is an 
exact copy of its famed great-granddaddy, even down to such details as 
the unperfected transmission which caused the original to slip into high gear 
while unoccupied. Henry Ford sold 15,000,000 of these durable cars for $290. 
Now a sparkling new replica can be yours for $2,250 F.O.B. Sarasota, Florida. 


Dangerous distortion created by modern curved windshields is ended forever 
with this flat, perpendicular replacement recently put on the market by the 
Eagle-Eye Glass Co. of Latrobe, Pa. A leading producer of auto windshields, 
until the invention of safety glass forced the firm to the brink of bankruptcy, 
` Eagle-Eye now bounces back stronger than ever to correct the bungles of 
larger manufacturers. Guaranteed to provide normal road vision through 
the clever use of uncurved, untinted plate glass, Eagle-Eye windshields can 
be easily installed by the do-it-yourselfer once the hazardous original equip- 
ment оп late model cars had been smashed and disposed of. Price $35.98 


TECHNICAL 


ке TALKS ai. 


by Edith Barnstable 


I have done a thorough job of souping up 
my 24 Stearns-Knight with dual carbs, a full- 
blown hause, Smitty mufller, etc. However at the 
same time I was overhauling the engine, I in- 
stalled square wheels, I figured that the finished 
product would do at least 110 M.P.H. But for 
some reason, it won't move at all. What do you 
think my trouble might be? 

—M.M.C., Salt Lake City 


The 24 Stearns-Knight was a straight six 
with overhead cams. It was never meant to be 
equipped with dual carbs. The trouble may be 
there, or it may that the car is moving but that 
all the scenery around Salt Lake City looks so 
much alike that you have the illusion of standing 
still, 


I have had a tappet noise in my head for 
almost 10,000,000 miles now. The head of my 
car, I mean. It is a '51 Blewitt, a make which 
never got into full production for a number of 
reasons, mostly legal. I have rebored the head, 
stymicd the vale sleeves, grannished the crank- 
case, unduffered the pistons and shuffled the 
rods. However, I still have the tappet noise. Is 
this possible? 

—W.S.P., Loon Lake, Ore. 


Yes. 


The instruction manual] that came with my 

'54 Chevy says that the windshield should be 
washed occasionally. What does this mean? 

—L.C.F., Akron, Ohio 


Auto instruction manuals often use terms 
which apply to one make or year, but not to 
others. À qualified mechanic may be able to help 
you with this problem, but 1 doubt it. 


Is it true that '65 Paisano-Lasagna has 
gauges registering ergs per RPM, ACDC volt. 
age, foot-pounds per man-hours, and minutes 
left to play? 

—C.C.D., Kansas City, Kan. 


Only the J-660 and X-K-L models, neither of 


which are available in this country. 


I have been itching to get behind the wheel 
of the new 400 HP Maserati Runabout to see 
what those 400 horses can really do. Can you give 
mc any advice before I buy it? 

—D.A.F.. St. Louis, Mo. 


You will find that scratching without bump. 
ing into the Overdrive Switch on the 400 HP 
Maserati Runabout is a factor that any potential 
buyer with a shin irritation should give more 
than passing consideration. 


ТА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ш С. i - » 


Test Driving The AII-New Shakibuts 


течи 


Ч 


Micro-Mini-MidgetV-Zero 


By Len Furdy 


neering team of Wun-Cheep Nip and O. So-Slik has 

done it again. Placing an easily-broken coil spring power 
plant inside a flimsy rolled-tin body, the pair has come up 
with an economical run-about that combines the easy maneu- 
verability of a compact with the type of unbelievable work- 
manship that American motorists have come to expect from 
Shakibutsu, 

The author went through the unique experience of piloting 
the Far Eastern firm's entry in the 1964 Mobilgas Economy 
Run. Finishing the cross-country jaunt less than a year later, 
1 felt that 1 had given the Micro-Mini-Midget a fair trial 
under all types of driving conditions, and found it a car that 
defies description in virtually every category. The Mobilgas 
people apparently shared my opinion after discovering that 
the wind-up motor has propelled the trim little V-Zero 3,261 
miles on no gasoline at all. The result of the record smashing 
performance was federal legislation jammed through Con- 
gress by the oil lobby which places a $1,700 import tax on 
every Micro-Mini-Midget carried into this country 

The new tax added to the factory's suggested P.O.E. rctail 
price of 57.98 places Shakibutsu's stripped down model in 
the ridiculous position of competing with the Volkswagen 
and a handful of domestic compacts. Officials of the Tokyo 
based firm frankly admit that their sole hope of gaining a 
foothold in the U.S. market is to push the V-Zero as a third 
car for American families with two-car garages. 

In design, the V-Zero has undergone only a minor face- 
lifting since the Christmas season of 1963 when a pedal- 
driven version was introduced as a gift item for the 3-to-8- 
year-old group. The interior remains starkly simple. The 
author found the instrument panel easy to read, but this 


I T WOULD APPEAR that Shakibutsu's incredible engi- 


convenience is somewhat diminished by the fact that the 
gauges are merely printed on cardboard, glued to the metal 
dash, and otherwise not connected to anything. 

Trunk space is described by the manufacturer in cubic 
millimeters, creating the illusion that something larger than 
à box of cough drops can be carried in it. However, careful 

(cont. on page 97) 


Road Test Results 


PRICE 


Basic list at P.O.E. .. 
Delivered price inclu taxes, 
accessories, etc. ...... 2,007.98 


GENERAL 


Curb weight 
Wheelbase 


PERFORMANCE 


Top speed 
Acceleration: 
0-1 mph..58 sec. 
0-2 mph..3 min., 44 sec. 
0-3 mph..49 min., 12 sec. 
0-4 mph..3 hrs., 6 min., 23 sec. 
O-top speed About 2 days. 


ROR 
Torque G rpm wit SPEEDOMETER ERRO 


Howzzat again? 40 mph indicated, Actual 1.7 mph. 
90 mph indicated, Actual 3.1 mph. 


SPECIFICATIONS 


Engine type wind-up, utilizing 
standard skate key. 

36 mos. to pay. 
.7/100 ₪ 6 rpm. 
310. 


Copyright O 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Forecasts And Facts From The Motor Capital 


A TOURING CAR BY KAISER-WILLYS FOR '66? 

A survey by the firm's History Department, designed to discover which of 
the company's failures had been longest endured by the public before going 
blooey, arouses industry speculation that the 1920 Overland may he put 
back into production for the 1966 model year, With such notable fiascoes 
as the Frazer, the Americar and the sporty Jeepster ranking high on the list 
of all-time automotive blunders, the sturdy Overland shapes up as the com- 
pany's best hope for the future. Executives remain mum, and the inside 
word is that leaders of the firm are split over the issue of isinglass curtains 
for the new entry in the medium priced field, 


BUGS REMAIN IN PIERCE-ARROW'S JET. 
Word from the supposedly-abandoned Pierce-Arrow proving ground has it 
that the company's bid for a comeback with a jet-propelled sportster may 
be delayed until 1973 or 1974. Whispers emanating from the rumor mill 
indicate that a few bugs have yet to be worked out of the engine, and that 
the first jet test-car incinerated four mechanics standing behind it and caused 
the whole east wing of the factory to be destroyed by flames. 


DO TIRE MANUFACTURERS KNOW MORE THAN THEY'RE LETTING ON? 
According to thc most rcliable reports filtering into the motor capital from 
Akron, probably not. 


VOLKSWAGEN MAY MOVE TO DETROIT. 

At least, so goes the story making the rounds in the motor capital. Probable 
reason: VW plans to scrap its bectle design after almost 20 years in favor 
of an updated version replete with massive chrome, high tail fins and power 
extras, all set on a frame approximately four feet longer than that of the 
current model. With American motorists shaping up as the on]y potential 
buyers in the world, VW brass may well close down the German plant com- 
pletely and move all operations to the U.S.A. 


A CHEVIAC BY G.M. FOR 1967? 

General Motors officials reportedly have found a small hole in their present 
price line which may be filled in '67 with the introduction of a new car to 
plug the gap between the Chevrolet Impala (top price $2,980.50) and the 
standard Pontiac ( base price $2,983.75) With Corvair, Chevelle and Chevy 
II already overlapping nicely to the complete bewilderment of the public, 
the new line, tentatively labelled the Cheviac, appears a natural for the shop- 
ping motorist with 52,982.12/2 to spend. 


WiNDIE 


ADVERTISING RATES: 906 per line, except that 1 line in 3 issues is 
50% more than 3 lines in 1 issue. However, there is а 10% dis- 
count for 3 lines in 3 issues, based on the triple insertion cost of 
3 lines in 1 issue, and a 10% surcharge for 1 line in 1 issue, 
whichever occurs first, We are not responsible tor the honesty of 
апу ud, וש‎ for anyone understanding our advertising rates, 


FOR SALE 


'27 WILLS ST, CLAIRE 3-dr. ambulance. Only опе of its kind ever 
built due lo failure Of small engine to propel oversized body. 
Parts impossible to buy, but makes wonderful slecp-out shelter 
for the kiddies. Terrible condition, but casily restored by any onc 
crazy enough to want it. $800. L. L. Schlepp, 484 Rolling Meadow 
Lane, Brooklyn, N. Y. 


"65 ROCCO-nAMBINI Super Sport Fastback. Never driven by pre- 
sent owner. In fact, physical proportions of previous owner are 
inconceivable. Speedomceier reads 500 miles, all clocked under 


careful supervision at Indianapolis Speedway. Original cost 
$22,000. Sacrifice for $21,995, Leadfoot Lindstrom, Box 7, Bon- 
neville, Utah. 


1837 FRONTIER LANDAU CONVERTIBLE. Beli¢ved to be the oldest 
classic auto in existence, Complete, except for the two horses 
apparently used by thc original owner to pull it, Ideal for display 
use or helping other classic car owners form a circle in case of 
an Indian attack. $1,975. Rufe Strettlemayer c/o Bunt Farm, 
P.O. 47, Upper Gulch, Wyo. 


WANTED 


wor nEADLIGHT for ‘31 Hudson. No owners of right headlight 
need apply, Please do not send me any more right ones as this 
type can only be fitted into left bracket by reverse placement 
causing beam to shine toward rear of car. I am sick and tired 
of receiving right headlights, many arriving with postage due, I 
already have à right headlight, and as à taxpaying American, 
resent this indifference of the general public toward my previous 
ads. Disgusted, Dox 779, West Covina, Calif. 


BATTERY CHARGER suitable for use with either Model 550 Detroit 
Біесігіс Phaeton, or Model 3-D Eveready Flashlight. Newby, 217 
Warren Hull Memorial Drive, Beverly Hills, Cal. 


WILL SWAP 


CLASSIC 41 CHEVY—4 Dr. Sedan. Faded maroon, loose connecting 
rods, shot transmission and many other extras, Will (rade this 
dandy collectors item (ог any common "63 or "64 convertible. 
Lucas Fribble, State Unemployment Office, Waiting Lina 6, Chi- 
cago, Ш. 


LIFETIME MEMBERSHIP IN DANCE STUDIO. Original cost $17,000. 
Will trade for any kind of car. | gotta get away from these 
crooks. 1. M. Schlemiel, Cha-Cha Drive, Ft, Wayne, Ind. 


KARE BACK NUMBERS OF EARLY AUTO MAGAZINES, recently found in 
my waiting room under later issues of Colliers. Will swap for 
X-Ray Outfit or impressively-framed Medical School Diploma. 
Dr. Nimble Kwaque, Suite 557, Peddlers of Mercy Building, Day- 
ton, Ohio, 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


THREE YEARS 
WORK 
RESTORING 
AN 
APPERSON 
JACK RABBIT 


by Waldo Boomschlager li 
4 


GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET Aug. 23, 1955. That was the ДД, t m И 
1 date I stumbled across my big find, a 1916 Apperson 

Jack Rabbit in restorable condition sitting quietly in 
a barn lot near Neenah, Wis. 

Evelyn, whom I had planned at the time to marry but 
later didn't, was with me as we made our way unsuspect- 
ingly down the back country road. We were really in search 
of milk glass, which Evelyn collects and which still abounds 
in that part of the country. 

Evelyn already had 700 picces of the beautiful glass, most 
of which she had inherited from her late aunt who had re- 
sided in Elkhart, Ind. The aunt, whose name, as I recall, was 
either Birdie Wingate or Esther Agnew, had never married, 
but rather had devoted her life to the milk glass collection. 

Miss Wingate (or Miss Agnew) had been engaged at one 
time to a Cpl. Wilfred Hungerford who lived just outside of 
Elkhart on one of the major inter-urban lines. But Cpl. 
Hungerford became a mail handler on the old South Bend, 
Toledo and Spokane Railroad and ultimately married a girl 
half his age. 

In time, the South Bend, Toledo and Spokane merged 
with the Pere Marquette to become the Southern Pacific in 
one of the more bold strokes of finance put over by Jay 
Hannah. 

Hannah's original plan had merely been to extend the 
lines of the Baltimore and Ohio to Honolulu. But beforc thc 
track laying had progressed more than 200 miles west of 
San Francisco, the entire venture was abandoned as imprac- 
tical. 

Hannah's decision to give up the Honolulu branch was 
thought to be directly responsible for the suicide of Romney 
L. Gruber, who had been selected to head that division. 
Gruber mentioned only poor health in the note he left, and 
it is true that he had been suffering from hemorrhoids since 
shortly after the Spanish-American war. But those who knew 


(cont. on page 97) І AFTER 


27 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


"CLASSIC SALON" 


EDSEL 


A NIGHTMARE RE-LIVED 


STORY AND PHOTOS BY CHARLES L. SWINDLEMIRE 


vintage, classic automobile collector when I hung a $175 

price tag on the 58 bilious blue clunk you sees pictures 
of on this here page. Depending on a fast turnover the way I got 
to if I'm going to make a buck on the kind of scrap iron I handle, 1 
confinemented my early restoration work to putting enough saw- 
dust in the crankcase to quiet down the motor so's the salesmen 
wouldn't be drownded out complete while they was giving their 
pitch. 

Needlessly to say, 1 figured the rad., htr., w.s.w. and аш, 
trans. would nail us a pigeon before I had the misfortunate expe 
rience of getting too attached to this fat-headed example of De- 
troit know-how. Whatsoever, my perfunctional feelings about the 
heap was destined to underwent a change as the Fall of 1963 
drifted like usual into Winter. Despite the factor that by which 
time I had reductioned the price to $99 and figured to add on the 
balance of the $175 as carrying charges, my efforts met with 
growing public heedlessment. 

On either hand, presumptuously hot sales prospects who 
turned out to be smarter than 1 thought, filled my noggin with a 
fund of lore about the Edsel, none of which I had previously 
knew before, [ come to find out that the car, originally designed 
to meet a demand of which there wasn't any, had surpassed the 
exceptions of all in such performance cataclisms as guzzling gas, 
putting up wind resistance which resulted in a funny whistling 
noise and being too big to fit in most garages. After cutting the 
price to where the heap eventual became a tree door prize nobody 
would take, it come to dawn inside my head that I had unwitt 
lessly got to be an Edsel collector. 

I learnt to my surprise that | was not the only dealer in town 
what had got interested on the subject in such a way, and to- 
gether with others who was situated similarly like I was, we formed 
the first chapter of Е.О.А. (Edsel Owners Anonymous). Today, 
we can hoast of having saved innumerous dealers from knocking 
theirselves off by arranging for our members to rush over and get 
drunk with them whenever they think of the dough they got tied 
up in Edsels. 

Truly à example of automobile history we should forget, 

(cont. on page 97) 


N UT HARDLY WHATSOEVEK did I realize that 1 was becoming a 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


DOUBLE-TALK DEPT. 


Politicians, celebrities, teachers, 
parents, businessmen... they're all 
making important statements these 
days. The trouble is, they usually 
say one thing, and mean another. And 
there's nobody around to translate 
for you ordinary clods! Except maybe 
us, the fearless men of MAD! (Who's 
around to translate the statements 
WE make that say one thing and mean 
something else is another problem!) 
Anyway, all this brings us to this 
next article, which offers examples 
to help you differentiate between— 


WHAT 
THEY 


ARTIST: PAUL COKER JR. 
WRITERS: RONALD AXE & SOL WEINSTEIN 


IT REALLY MEANS.. 


WHEN THEY SAY... 


—— 
.. and starting next month, your 
| Gas & Electric Company will be 
introducing new, modern techniques 
to serve you faster and better! 


/ 


тош 
Пант5 


[er 


WHEN THEY SAY.. IT REALLY MEANS... 


We have nothing against the hoy, Wait until you [Walt until you find a boy of your 
own religion who's got money! 
AZ 


darling—it's just that you're 
both so terribly young! 


The 1-2 is a тағу 
colortul, ring-wise veteran! 


41, > 


MAD ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


WHEN THEY SAY... g IT REALLY MEANS... WHEN THEY SAY... 


This network is always on the lookout 
for the new, the fresh, the daring, 
the off-beat . 


Give me [Give me another Peyton P Peyton Р! [ive me another Peyton Piace! | — [ He's a credit to his race | s a credit — his [He's a credit to his race | 


The public lo 


ved my book! 
\\ 
BANN Ws 


29 


What an unbelievable coincidence! 
| had that very same idea recently! 


LITT I'm trailing by 35%! 7 > 


| Moning a dt У 
ARRI р POLL: | ет” 


імен от 
єр, ме) 
fe кле, 


=] 


^ ED 
RAD D COE © 2006 br E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ІТ REALLY MEANS... MM WHEN THEY SAY... 8 IT REALLY MEANS... 
í e d | == 
4 


I don't believe in stifling 
his self-expression! 


Thanks for the idea! 


think‏ ו 
she has‏ 
money!‏ 


! think 
he has 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART וו‎ 


MAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


SQUADS RIGHT DEPT. 


Recently, bleeding-heart liberal newspapers kicked up quite a fuss when it was learned 
that, in several cities throughout the United States, some members of the local Police 
Force are also members of the super-patriotic “John Birch Society". And so, in order to 
clear the air and assure everyone concerned that a Law Enforcement Officer, dedicated 
to “The Birch Society" can also do his job and protect members of “The Great Society" 


MAD INTERVIEWS A 


"JOHN BIRCH SOCIETY" 
OLICEMAN | 


ARTIST : JOE ORLANDO 74 RONALD AXE & SOL куо | 


l'd aan to know—do 
you think that your 


Good morning, Officer 
Wright! I'm Bob Ross 


And what do 
you consider 


Ross— 
Bob Ross! 


from MAD Magazine! Wi- and I'd membership in “The the primary 
eee Wha'd д to Ross. ра а еу Are you kidding? If duty ofa Why... 
Policeman, you are you say now Ross... SR HIT dd ae à || anything, my Birch Policeman to fight 
also a member of The yous I wonder осона? Society membership Communism 
John Birch Society.” name what that's helps me do my duty of course! 
better than ever! What else? 


short for? 


ARKING 


nonu j 
Mu ит 
7 


Boy—did you Er... wha'd you 


see that? it's Why should hellsay your name was 
gettin' so, salute you? || again? Rossellini? 
those guys You're just à || Rossokovski? What 


Patrolman— 
and he's à 
Lieutenant! 


country you from, 
anyway? 


C, Ж i he! 
MAD Copyright © 2006 by E. C. Publications, Inc. ^ ^^ - 


Butte, Montanal That's not truc, Mr.—uh—Ross! To + Excuse me while - No, I'm gonna | 

And the name is Я me, a person із a person! And that те | stop the car put up this 

Ross! You seem b goes double for anybody of an at this telephone À going to “Impeach Earl 

to place a rather inferior race or creed! Remember .. . if pole, Rossenkrantz! phone into Warren” sign! 
undue emphasis on | in the last Presidential election, : а : я headquarters? : 
a man's background! ו‎ VOTED for a guy who was 2 


half-Jewish ! ! 


All right... break it 
up! Break it up... | 


Well, how can you say 

that when you recently 
4 attacked members of а 
L| CORF demonstration 
| with your nightstick? 
₪1 


Officer Wright, there 
are a lot of people 
*7 | who feel a Policeman 
should not engage in 
political activity 
while he's on the job! 


Oh, that was when 
| was off-duty! A 
guy can do what he 
wants when he's 
off-duty, can't he? 


couldn't 
0 agree 
with them 


ЕЛІ, 


AC 


> ALTERNATIIE) / 
Я Ж o £ 


| don't 


understand! 
What as If there's one thing 


i I can't stand, it's training, Mr. Rossiwicz! 
they doing | violence in the И After a while, you get so 
streets—especially 3 you can smell those types 
from “Ріпков”! 


е 22% 
ЖА ДАТ) Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


And what about He's passing Awww—sometimes 
thet car with a red light! you gotta temper 
the “‘Goldwater Aren't you M justice with mercy, 
For President" going to give Mr.—uh—Rossevitch! 
sticker there— him a ticket? A man's entitled to 


Officer Wright! That 
old woman was screaming [5 
for help, and you drove |М 
right by! Isn't it your 
duty to arrest those 
hoodlums? | thought you 
were against violence 
in the streets! 


Don't jump to conclusions, there— 
Rossenescu! There's a world of 
difference between violence in the 
Streets and à few wholesome American 
kids lettin' off a little steam! 
Especially when it's against some 
old bag passing out subversive 
pamphlets in favor of fluoridation! 


D ¿s make a mistake! 


Oh, we're just harassing The 


We've been ! 
crouching 1 2 Е > terrible! M Chief! You know—dumping coal 
here for This is what we call a "stake The Chief of Police! dus what on his lawn, calling stores 


out"! That's what we do when But he'll be taken care / nd וס‎ ings in his 
What's going || wë have a dangerous guy under of—just as soon as the | расата кол enin hie hes "For 
on, anyway? surveillance! In this case, it's rest of the guys show up. > Sale" with real estate brokers, 
ч a rat-fink who's making things ir Oh, here they come now— and generally smearing his good 
А , | rough for the few guys on the РРР right on time! Hi, гапри > пате: so Бе! be forced to 
; - Force who are real patriots! quit his job! 


20 minutes! 


| see...and I'm À Well, don't believe it! That's 
also beginning to B nuthin' but a pack of lies started H house 
understand the @ by some criminal jay-walker from one © with the 
charges of Police Щ of them hyphenated minority groups! Ñ coal on 
Brutality pending À Incidentally, what'd you say your M the lawn, 
against you! И mother's maiden name was, Rossinsky? fellers! 


But isn't this a rather extreme | | Shows how much you know! 
way of expressing your We're the "Moderates"! 
dissatisfaction with The Chief!?| | The *EXTREMISTS" want 
А v to SHOOT him!! 


sean 


ү”, Copyright © 2006 by Е.С. Publications, Inc. 


Forget my mother's 
maiden name! What 
about this criminal 
jay-walker's charges 
against you? What 
really happened? 


Well, ! gotta be 
gettin' backstage! 
I'm part of the 
entertainment to- 
night! But you'll 
be okay in here! 
They're not our 
kind of people! 


What's a decent 
guy from the 
West doing on 

THAT magazine? 
See ya later, 

Roosevelt! 


Alf f did was follow accepted 
Police Procedure! When | spotted 
this crumb jay-walking. | yelled, 
“Halt!” and fired three warning 

shots—into his legs! To hear 

those bleeding hearts tell it 


and when the Police— 

and by that, ha-ha, | mean 
OUR Police, take their 
rightful place in Society, 
then we'll quickly attain 

|| that noble vision of America 

as outlined by Mr. Robert 

Welch in his immortal 
"Blue Book''! 


John Birch 


Society 


MEETING TONIGHT 


7:00 P.M. 


Tonight's Topic: 
“BETTER POLICEMEN 


for 8 


BETTER POLICE STATE" 


71273 7 


Give me your tired, your poor, 

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, 
Тһе wretched refuse of your teeming shore, 
Send those, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me 


And l'Il.. 
Send 'em right back! 


I'll send ‘em right back! 
to you—ooo-ooo! 


=, = 


-—]oÀ —. 
opyright © 2006 


Car 21— 
Signal 
One-Seven 
Car 21— 
Signal 


РИ send ‘em right back! W| refuse 


Ода В TE СШ: 
Nuthin' important! Just some 
Moderate Republican assaulting 


What's a Humphrey Democrat in an 
- integrated neighborhood! But 
Signal I'm not gettin' involved in 


One-Seven," 
Officer 
Wright? 


that! Those people take care of 
their own! Besides, | can't 
afford to be late for the Birch 


And what better words could describe 
the American dream—and by that, | 
mean OUR American dream, than the 
words inscribed on the Statue of 
Liberty and slightly revised in this 
M version sung by our John Birch Society 
Glee Club led by that great Policeman 
and great Bircher and soon-to-be our 
great new Police Chief . . . Jim Wight! 


Yes, we'll... 
Send 'em right back 
to you—ooo-ooo! 


You 
wretched dirty 


Commies! 


You 
foreign 
garbage! 


w 


BEHIND THE ODD-BALL DEPT. 


VS ә 


Beevers 994704 


PERSON WALKING | | УМГ ORREISGHBARA‏ א 


то UE À TOURIST FROM SIOUX FALLS, SOUTH DAKOTA, 
« $ TIP I | 
- STARTING AT DAWN, TRAVELING “ae Беке Bee КЕБЕ! ы / ү 
с“ AT THE RATE OF 5 MILES ~ а! 
FER HOUR WITH THE WIND AT | fh AND WASNT INSULTED! 5, | PR Ji | 


HIS BACK, AND CARRYING 

A SUITCASE WEIGHING 

18 POUNDS... ) 1 
| 


| EX | 


INCENTE ZOOMA ` 
BERCMANELL 


NEW WAVE ITALIAN ART FILM DIRECTOR 


- = 


HOWEVER, THE CABBY DROVE 
OFF WITH HIS LUGGAGE / 


“ШЕ 
ТН BERNIE "ме: MORAN 
r Noted Show Business Fress Agent 
| |6 LIKELY TO BE HAS NEVER ONCE SAID: 
MUGGED BEFORE "SWEETIE" or "YOU'RE A PUSSYCAT " Rc 
HE GOES oR “YOU "ЕЕ BEAUTIFUL, BABY!” А 
в BLOCKS / \ 


14 т" NEGLECTED МЕЕК. | 

IN JULY OF 1964 P שה‎ Dye МА 

BLUE CROSS мент THROUGH AN 7, 3 (RW, | 17 ; 
ENTIRE WEEK WITHOUT ONCE NW ЖАТА / моми Чл 

RAISING THEIR RATES / 4 i \ 

THE DIRECTORS WERE ON VACATION - H 

AND IT JUST SLIPPED THEIR MINDS! = 


Ges yt AbLiahHEGIRLS B 
4 2 AT THE VASSAR PROM X 


| 
C6 WERE UNED | эй ONE Ev OE 


HAS MADE 17 SUCCESSIVE MOVIES -- EACH 
OF WHICH HAS WON UNANIMOUS CRITICAL RAVES, 
` ANO CACH OF WHICH HAS CAPTURED FIRST PRIZE 
СҰ AT THE ANNUAL CANNES FILM FESTIVALS. 
AND YET LIKE MOST OF HIS AUDIENCES... 
HE HASN'T UNDERSTOOD A 
SINGLE ONE OF THEM / 

НЕ POFS, HOWEVER, GET А KICK OUT OF 
А DORIS Day TECHNICOLOR 
MUSICAL / 


Pete 15 NOTED FOR HAVING NEVER MADE 
A DOLLAR IN THE PRESS AGENT BUSINESS / 


… ALL THE BOYS AT THE VASSAR PROM 
WOULD GET VERY NAUSEOUS / 


ТА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


BERG'S-EYE VIEW DEPT. 

In our last issue, 4 | TIAE 

Dave Berg took a 

look at “The Lighter 

Side of The Boss"! 

tee P IC YP PT Е ТО 


Boss took a look at 

the article, Dave 

ла SIDE OF 
this follow-up... 


Yeah, that's it! ‘I’m sorry i'm 
late, Mr. Dilly, but my car had a 
flat tire and the train ran late!” 


I'd better get a good story! Let's see... 
I'll say, “l'm sorry I'm late, Mr. Dilly, but my 
car had a flat tire and the train ran late!" 


Oh, my gosh! | overslept! Now I'm 
going to be late for work again! 


Boy, did | First there was a big fuss Then, back at the office, some So what's all That's just 
have a day because Irwin Donnyfield's Clown brought in the new “Playboy” this about not it! | had to 
at the office, wife had a baby! Then Ben and we ogled that for a while! Then | | going out tonight bring the 
today! Forget started telling off-color jokes! there was a big thing because I because of the stuff home! 
about going Then we had our coffee-break! lost my key to the Men's Room! day you had! It ГИ be 
out tonight! Then | got to talking to that new Then there was another coffee seems to me you working all 
= cute secretary! And then a buyer break! Then my Mother called did nothing but | | night to make 


took me out for a long lunch and and you know how she can talk! goof off! up for it! 


| hadda get bombed with him! 


Gee, if | was only earning 
fifty thousand dollars a 
year, I'd be in the clear! 


But at last came success! 
Today, l'm earning TWENTY 
THOUSAND DOLLARS A YEAR! 


Then, when | was earning $75 a 
week, | used to say, “If I was only 
earning $100 a week, I'd be in 
the clear!" | could never seem 
to get out from under! 


When І was making only $20 
a week, | used to say, “И 
| was only earning $25 a 
week, I'd be in the clear!” 


A 


WRITER & ARTIST: DAVID BERG 


í I'm sorry I'm late, Mr. Dilly, but my car | ГМ SORRY I'M LATE, MR. CAR, 
| пада flat tire and the train ran late! BUT MY DILLY RAN LATE AND 
THE TRAIN HAD A FLAT TIRE! 


Er...uh,,.1..,.let's see... 
My train... Мо, my car... Ohhhh! 


1 OVERSLEPTI 


1 don't 
care what 
you do, 

3 just look 
| busy! 


Pssst! The 
Boss is 
coming! 

Look busy! 


What do you mean, “Look 
busy!’’? I’ve just spent 
a back-breaking day 
filing away everything! 
I've finally cleared my 
desk of a three-month’s 
pile of work! 


I think | dunno! Charlie just Really, Hey, Say, Boss, Wha—? Oh, darn! After 
I'll move Something told me that Pete! Did you what's this Must be office is moving|| I went to all 
over to about Accounts hear? The about several à rumor! into a new that trouble 
moving to Receivable is Accounting Departments But—well, building across | | of changing 
a vacant moving to Department moving to new that's town! my desk! 
-| office next more spacious is moving to offices in the not à - 
| door! offices on the new space in building bad idea! 
1 next floar! the office across the 
building next 
door! 


A / 


ІШ - A € — 28% “я. { { 
X. LAID Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Alice? Well, there was no Mother there! 


Kaputnik Enterprises! Good morning! Mr. 
It was a Bachelor Apartment... Hold on! 


Hello, Alice? This is Amy! What a night 
Gumpky? Just a moment! I'll connect you! 


| had last night! | went out with Bill, 
and after dinner. he... Hold on... 


Kaputnik Enterprises! l'Il connect you! | 


Alice? So he says to me, "| want you to 
meet my Mother tonight"... Hold on... 


Kaputnik Enterprises! Good morning! Mr. 


Alice? So—thinkin everything was on 
сек ие Zupp? Just а moment! | connect you! 


the up-and-up, | went to his place! 
But when we got there... Hold on... 


Alice? So—the minute the door closed 
behind me, he starts looking at me like 
| was Сіпа Lolapalooza .. , Hold on... 


Kaputnik Enterprises! Good morning! 
Just one moment! 1711 connect you! 


Heck! It's 


That's what | ...and then we stand around in front Yeah, Е 2 j 
love about | of the building for the rest of the one o'clock! | | darn ыш ו‎ 
-TH Lunch Hour! | ^ hour... and watch the girls go by! Time to get it! 


We grab a back to work! 


quick bite... 


Well, gentlemen . . . 


Son, ! want to call Of course, Well I've got an Boy, ат 1 lucky! 


a conference of all the they'll opening for a } overheard that! If that's the plan! 
Junior Executives! I've salute it, Department Head, | ; it's independent What do you think 
got an idea | want to Dad! They're | and you know how} > thinking he wants, 
run up the flagpole and just a bunch | feel about I'll give him some 
see if anybody salutes it! | | of spineless independent |) independent thinking! 
“Үсе-теп”! thinking! 


I said Heh? Yes, sir— No, | said What are you || Yeah, but! 
I'd like You want to order БО gross— | cheering about?|| won $2.00 
to order 3| Who's up? What'd he 15 gross of Hey, what's You just lost ||on the office 
50 gross {| say the count was? going on! a thousand 

sies What was that? Hello? Hello?$| dollar order! 


Oh, forget 


a home run... 
It! CLICK! 


«0 


S.J RBD Copyright © 2006 by E 


SHIPPING AND 
RECEIVING DEPT 


LT см, 


Kaputnik Enterprises! I'll connect you! 


AMY! FOR PETE'S SAKE, SHUT DOWN 
THE SWITCHBOARD! 1 DON'T WANT 
ANY INCOMING CALLS FOR THE THE NEXT 
FIFTEEN MINUTES !! 


| Yes, Mr. Kaputnik! 
Å 


Alice? So— 
anyway—he 
grabs me 


Now, maybe we can hear 
how this comes out without 
any more interruptions! 


So | says, “I'll have you know I’m not 
that kind of giri!” But that don't stop 
him! He grabs me, and... Hold оп... 


апа... 


Kaputnik Enterprises! I'll connect you! 


= 


ана N.N 
ре A] А. \ 
1545 ^ M 


I've got this Boss, see! He's And | work with this swell Our firm is expanding fast! Hello, Vicky! He's here, 
a nice guy and all that! I've bunch of guys! But one's a And this means more work and I didn't all right, 
got nothing against him! But bigger nut than the other! responsibility for me! Just notice—is 
he should drop dead! Le'me Like today—blah—blah—blah! today—blah—blah—blah—blah! your husband 
tell you what happened today! here tonight? 
Blah—biah—blah—blah—blah! 


Very interesting, Bosworth! 
I'd like to see you in my 
office after the conference! 


Bosworth, you'll find a little 
something extra in your pay envelope 
this week . . , mainly a little notice 
of dismissal! You're just nat a 
"Теат-Мап"! We have no room around 
here for independent thinkers! 


7 т-- 
1 “7 “> 


Well, Bosworth, ol'boy! You've 

got it made! Now that you're 
going to be a Department Head, 
you can get that new jaguar! 


J, BOTTLENECK 
PRESIDENT 


Hey, I just overheard the He wouldn't fire He wouldn't fire me! || He wouldn't fire те! || He wouldn't fire me! || guess it's me, 
Boss saying that business me! I'm too I'm too valuable! I'm too valuable! | || I'm too valuable! I'm then! l've got 
is off, and he's gonna have| | valuable! He needs | | Nobody makes coffee | | get him discounts on || the only one who can nothing going 

to get rid of some of the me on the Company like | make coffee all the things he keep the Petty Cash || for me except a 


deadwood around here! Bowling Team! for the Coffee Breaks! | | buys... through my box straight! good Production 
Brother-In-Law! 


L ПУ | 


„А 1 
ht © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


JOKE AND DAGGER DEPT. PART III 


жы 
95 жауу 2 6 


— 


T 


ЖА АТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


ъл, a, pr % 
AGE BEFORE ВООТҮ DEPT. вх. 2 \ 
Whatever happened to the sleazy, slimy, ugly old crooks we used to know and love? Remember back in the 
good old days—when bad guys looked like bad guys, and good guys looked like good guys? Well, today all 
that has changed. F'rinstance, every week on TV, there's a group of cultured, refined and articulate 
gentlemen who travel from continent to continent — robbing from the rich without ever getting caught. We 
mean, of course, those well-dressed, well-mannered, well-heeled, roguish thieves who are known ав... 


THE ROOKS 


ARTIST: MORT DRUCKER WRITER: STAN HART 


Ask the girls of London... Ask the girls of Paris... Ask the girls of New York... 


| < 


— =" 


..and they'll tell you... 


Re PTT 


national Team specializing in “The Confidence Game"! And why have they done this? Because 
they're foo old to find any kind of honest work! Let's look in on their latest caper . . . 


"THE FILLY AND THE FINK PHILATELIST" 43 


ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


Mon Dieu, this Yes — we Ah, Tommy! | г Disguise?! Oh, you can't 


ees one of the weel all am glad you || How come you three are | But! do not || foo! me! You're 
mos' danjerous ave to | are'ere! We the “Stars”... but | understand disguised as a 
jobs we 'ave ET walk 'ave anothere do all the work?! what you | middle-aged man! 
evere pulled! UPHILL! job! 'Fre is —. It makes you 
None of us may | what you weel | _ km - look 25 years 
| By the way, St. Care i less than you 


survive! 


'ave to do! , iceui 
₪5 that's a great disguise! , REALLY are! 


Sorry, chaps— | 
1 wasn't 
listening! ! 
was too busy 
practising my 


Yes—with her 
in this series, 
it makes us all 
look young!! 


Oh, Moms! I'm so 
glad you are here! 
You're so important 
to this operation! 


Did | hear you 
were planning 
another joh? 
Tell me about it! 


unpleasant, with no class... and most 
important, he 'as a beautiful young niece! | 


| crooked smile! | 


Cess ees a fanatic stamp collector who And Muscel has gotten word Hmmm... 


owns the rare $100,000 “James Knox Polk | to Cess that he knows where We like to get the plot l'mto pose | 
Postage Due” stamp with the "Mail Early" it is! Then he will arrange everybody || out of the way quickly | as а Stamp И 
cancellation. His main purpose in life with Mr. Cess to steal it! talking in these shows! Then it Collector! | 
ees to get the other Polk stamp with the And guess who he will steal doesn't interfere with | That makes 
"Pray For Peace” cancellation, That one it from? You, Sincere . . . the dull action! sense! 
ees worth $250,000! 5 SR Besides, ! 
IN knew James 
Knox Polk 


\ 


personally! 


Ra 


ДО Copyright 


Goodbye! Tell me something, — 
Remember, You mean St. Care, old boy! It ees a mattere silly of mel Simple! | am 
we're so Each week, we rob of Morality, But where do || associated weeth | 
Sophisticated people of hundreds Tommy! We you get money H anothere group 
we must be of thousands of always geev the to live on? of men my age 
concerned dollars! Yet. we Н money awayto Е 9 who 'ave 
with our neverseem to Й the pretty niece! 3 
"images"? have any money! Naturelment, 


How come? thees makes the [27 „4 
zu SS stealing all right! Pe" — `° Z^ | 
SS No? te, 1 
` TA . al СЪР 


Now remembere—Cess Tommy, when Ahh, M'sieur Cess—'ere ees the That's right, Mr. 
ees a ruthless man! you talk like greatest stamp authority in the Cess! | guarantee is actually 
Thees job weel call 3 that, you world! He 'as just examined the it is authentic! of another 
for some of the " make me glad James Knox Polk stamp owned by The print on the President— 
greatest overacting ital! to bea M'sieur Sincere, and he ‘as seen | stamp says “James Chester 
we 'ave evere done! Frenchman! the priceless error for himself! POLK KNOX!” 7 Arthur Alan! 


mj !dunno! But I've heard it | So if you weel Then we'll run off 
have that Why this 1 was a kid, | usedonTVasanexcuse | give us your it || with the $100,000 
stamp! I'll fanatic my father | for kidnapping, murder, $100,000 stamp, i stamp and teach 
do anything passion never had | dope addiction and we weel Switch ! || this nasty million- 
to get it! time for me! alcoholism, so | figured it with Mr. aire a lesson... 
we could use it one | Sincere's et it! || namely that crime 
more time! 


III ו‎ 


| ЖАЛТ) Copyright © E 


— s ле зы —RÁ ל‎ Ex 


Frankly, you puzzle me, Mr. Sincere! Because it's Actually, | can't Who's talking 
You sit there in your Harris Tweed | Why should || 110 degrees | stand swimming pools! | Then just don't || about other 
jacket, white flannel trousers, that in the shade! The sight of an old | look at other people! 1 
dress shirt and ascot . . . and you puzzle you, Why don't you | person walking around mean ME! 
seem so unconcerned! | Miss Cess? get into a | exposing his flabby 

bathing suit? wrinkles disgusts me! 


Е 


l'd like to, The beast! 
You're so had time but as an My uncle, the || What sadistic 
different! Other for a English rich millionaire, joy he must 
men have to steady job! keeps me with him derive from It's not that! 
move their lips l've been day and night! asserting such || He Just hates 
= when they talk! too busy All he wants me domination the taste of 
z What do you do || flying from to do is work on over another | the glue on 
= for a living? place to his lousy stamp human being! || those stamp 
place being collection! 
fabulous! 


|н 


e's broken >= Ahh, Muscel! | want 'Ere! Take thees stamp! Eet But | love 
up my last you to meet Orville belongs to your Oncle, and Mr. Sincere! 
never let | | was Cess's poor unhappy eet is worth $100,000! Use I don't want 
you get | married! niece, Zelda! eet to buy your freedom! to lose him! | = 


0 
שי 


| dn Š + š = Fe - 


yright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. ` 


My poor, foolish child! What we have 
cannot last! It is but a thing of the 
moment! We have sa littie in common, 
and you have your whole life ahead of 
you—a future that glows with hope and 
promise! My dear, you'll get over it— 
Sa 


| got over it 
before you 
finished the 
second sentence! 
Whew—what a 
BORE! 


All right, all of you! Come with me to the 
Police Station! | have a get-away...er... 
| mean a Patrol Car waiting! I'll take the 


stamp as evidence, Mr. Cess! You can come 
in and claim it later! 


1 will—but 
first I'll 
have to 
gloat for 

ten minutes! f 


Why are you 
so upset 
about the 

Rooks giving 
away the 

money, Moms? 


| thought 
she was | 
| YOUR mother! | 


u didn't get away with it! | 
suspected something when you said the picture on the 
stamp was Chester Arthur Alan! You should have known the | 
portrait was actually Franklin Roosevelt Delano! 


ТҮ | “қан 2 
ML MC 


All's well that 
ends well, eh? 
The niece has 
$100,000 and a 
new lifel 


Idiots! 
You gave 
the money 
away again! 


Enough with the “Old 
Man” jokes already! 
If | hear one more, 
I'm going to hit 
samebady with my cane! 


Т 
PAM Co 


ҮЙ Frankly, 
Hh I didn't 
think you 


Well, I'll be 


= 
darned! Why, {Zl 


How do you 

think I get 
money? | 
steal it 

from them! 


| — 
=== enough? 


Ju ка 


Copyright © 2006 by EC. Publications, Inc. 


DON MARTIN DEPT. PART III 


ел S < ра 


mE Er A, 
ЖАЛТ) Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications SEIN SAR -2 


W H AT | HERE WE GO WITH ANOTHER RIDICULOUS 


СОМЕЗ MAD FOLD-IN 


AFTER 


Several years ago, the Art World was invaded by 
P р ART painters of soup cans and comic strip panels. They 
called this junk "Pop Art." Now, another group of 
AND idiots have come along with paintings of optical 


0 P ART illusions. They call this junk “Op Art." So where 
do we go from here? Fold page in as shown and see 


Artist and Writer: 
Al Jaftee Ab FOLD THIS SECTION OVER LEFT 45 FOLD BACK SO "А" MEETS В" 


STUDIES IN POP 
ART and OP ART 


FOLD PAGE OVER LIKE THIS 


°° 
КА ДА 
Jes 4: 


EMPTY-HEADED ART DABBLERS ASSUME THAT ANYTHING IN ו‎ FRAME 
IS ART AS LONG AS IT HANGS IN SOME FANCY GALLERY. BIG 
IMPRESSIVE PRICES LEND A PHONY PRESTIGE TO EACH ART MOVEMENT 
Ab 4B 

AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


i: 
> 
ic 
ДЕ 
i 
Nr 
0 
pA 
ic 


^ `= қ - 2 

е E ב‎ = Е 

> a за T] 
7 + V = à я 

z т ай =" = да с 

+ „Фе. 


ee AVES cu 
Photography by Irving "Sudsy" Schild 


THE DAY THEY SHOT THE "TEN-FOOT-TALL WASHING 
MACHINE" COMMERCIAL IN AN 8-FOOT HIGH BASEMENT 


AAD Copyright © 2006 by E.C. Publications, Inc. 


